There's an Iain M. Banks novel right there.
Given the number of Americans who (implicitly or explicitly) support communism, then yes.
Competition vs. Economies of Scale. (Everything else is superficial.)
How Bloc-World works: Many convincing points, especially on Trumpian transactionalism as geopolitical heresy.)
The theoretical prediction of "repetitious, manic dysfunction" looks accurate.
On "the superego as a metaphor for the collective operation of the liberal world order" 
"So, this is happening."Yes, clearly, and?"It's bad."Okay, and?"It's really bad."You're saying?"Bad" 
In 2010 they still thought "Neoliberalism" was the worst thing that could happen.
Tends to radicalize the solution-space. "So, population-manufacture, or post-human-phase capital it is ..."
"Walking hand-in-hand into extinction, clutching out unpayable higher-education debts."
They better hope robots find humans cute.
It would have been anticlimactic if the answer to The Conspiracy Against the Human Race was as simple a… 
You can estimate the remaining potential for modernization without social crisis from that. Not an ine… 

"...they refuse to believe the Corbyn himself, as a man of principle, can really mean it ..." Meanin… 
"...we need to end Washington. The way to do that is end the union." 
"It is by no means clear there will be any real losers in a rediversification of the world." 
 Paranoid psychosis seems like a step beyond 'nervous'.
 2017: The year in which Satan was recognized as a better Catholic than the Pope.
 Simultaneously running Silicon Valley, the Alt-Right, and now the US Government can be exhausting -- s… 

 That did really happen.
  Hutu slaughtering Tutsi is a recent classic case.
  ...Situation is a mess now (again, in part) because government considers its real esta… 
  A SovCorp operating (in part) as a real estate business wouldn't need to treat the prob… 
  Every single example of intentional genocide (in 20th C. at least) was massively dysgenic. (Amy Chua explains why.)
 "What are the tenets of Dark Enlightenment theory?" -- We'll be getting to that later, probably in a future article.
 Finding a non-ridiculous sentence in that piece is an interesting challenge.
   Jenny O'Syde
 Stiff competition for that slot, though: 
[*Suck syphilitic grandiosity into brain-stem*] "My place in history is assured, as the guy who taught Capitalism how to be naughty!"
 Everyone on earth is a Dark Enlightenment pawn, except for Benjamin Noys and David Golumbia.
 Who needs to understand Marx when there's a Planetary Puppet-Master of Evil making everything happen?
 I don't understand that, either. Guess she must have heard the term "assortative mating" and it triggered a psychotic episode.
"I knew this one was going to be bad  ...
"
  "America isn't a country anymore." He sounds realistic.
   2017: The year in which cattle-car-tier hard ethnopolitics became the way to… 
   The spirit of Lincoln lives on.
  "Relic WASP America is just getting in the way, it clearly needs its own independent homelands."
 There's the basis for an interesting deal buried in that suggestion.
"Baizuo Chorus: "White-Supremacist Cis-Heteropatriarchy, No!"
Baizuo Hero, flips out with a gun.
Baizuo Chorus: "Another crazy white guy!""
"

"
 If they don't include freeze-dried Paraguayan vampire bat pineal glands, I'm going to be disappointed.
The Guardian really thinks that Third World disasters now happen in London because the state is too small: 
 More blowing smoke through indiscriminate aggregation. The Alt-Right aren't generally any better on that score, just different smoke.
  Refusing to cooperate with a coordinated cover-up is now a casus belli?

      It would, if augmentation tech wasn't caught up… 
  Capitalism = commercial-industrial positive feedback circuitry. How is that still even a question?
 Don't be fooled. Every time some crazy shit like this goes down they pray (openly) that the other side is responsible.
    Any "NRx take" on first-order policy options is universalist confusion.
 Really?
 Within two years they'll be kidnapping Libyans by helicopter and ferrying them over to NATO airbases in Sicily.
The threshold at which your violent lunatics become more of a problem to the enemy than they are to you is far higher than commonly thought.
 When Baizuo attack.
 This, basically: 
 "Whatever we do, we can't let the idea gain currency that Ashkenazi Jews might be smart!"
  Unless people are prominently punished for asking the wrong questions, who knows what… 
 Azathoth answers both questions quite economically.
 As soon as "learning what you mean" becomes part of competence at a game, machine intelligences will… 
  From deep in the crab-bucket, not being boiled alive is violence. It ceases to be a us… 
 Poverty is the default condition not only of human existence, but of all life (by Malthusian necessi… 
   At night, soaking in Hong Kong Island from the Kowloon waterfront is liter… 
   ...and along the waterfront  on the Hong Kong Island side -- you can't go wrong.
   Zone of maximum urban intensity is around the harbor, on both sides. Explo… 
 Progress: From slavery back to slavery in under two centuries.
   I'll be stunned if you don't.
 ('Pyrrhic' isn't from Pyrrho of Elis, but from King Pyrrhus of Epirus.)

  Is there a critical response to this beyond "nyaaah, nyaaah, can't hear you" out there somewhere?
"
"
   They had the bomb. Gave it up voluntarily (shortly before rolling-over completely.
  Common point, though, is that deterrent-based independence is the only alternative to the… 
  The South African case contrasts significantly.
 Complete decentralization will be reached when hard forks are quasi-normalized as evolutionary speciation events.
"Let's talk about your rights."
"Okay, but my words are backed with nuclear weapons."
"Yes, it's going to… "
 Upside-down question, as usual. The 2A is a flaky substitute for a private nuclear deterrent capability.
 Everyone is so incompetent that China-scale waste is just a blip. (At least they're reserved about s… 
  
".. The ethnic chic mass starvation on the other side of the ledger would be truly awesome.
"Yes, but you can't have 'chic' either."
"Frack.""
..."Let's see what your industrial civilization is worth to you once you're forbidden from braiding your hair!" ...
I make an effort to keep up with leftist insanity, but this Cultural Appropriation bullshit entirely stumps me. ...

  The higher the dung-heap grows, the sharper the incentives for crypto-capital to get… 
"  "What about granny?"
"So we're going over the cliff?"
"I didn't say that!"
"Yes, you did.""
  This is why it's all going down hard. Any attempt to seriously address this collapse… 
 Tried, but so far only to a pitiful degree of intensity.
There's a lot of reality in this: 
  Better at modernity because modernity was inaugurated by (Protestant) scriptural fundamenta… 
...However ironical you may find it, fundamentalism is simply better at modernity. There will continue to be more of it.
...But the believers you'd like to see are ever decreasingly the kind of believers you do in fact see (when your eyes aren't closed). ...
...If you say "It's not the text that matters" you mean "The text isn't what would matter to the kind of believers I'd like to see." ...
...The thing about fundamentalism is that it's scriptural. Moderate commentary overlays have no authority for it. ...
..."...is never justified in Islam." --  This is simply never going to sell (among anyone who can read). ...
..."It is vital that we hammer home the message that violence and terrorism, no matter what grievances the terrorists claim to hold ..." ..
Sara Khan seems like a nice lady, and this might be the most sensible thing ever published in The Guardian: Still ..
   This "niceness" language is your way of saying "on a leash".
   This line (going nowhere) is what happens when you outsource security to p… 
   This pathetic behavior: 
    ...As it tools itself up with unfriendly AI in a disintegr… 
    Capital isn't essentially softening. That's just the crappy… 
   Not according to Ricardo's Iron Law of Wages.
  All the real problems of the modern world stem from the fact that Capital has been nowhere near mean enough.
    No one in this conversation is remotely suggesting pressure reduction.
 Thanks (but already seen and linked).
    Okay, superficially, but selection for drinking filthy wate… 
   Your Dialing-Back-Neoliberal-Democracy-By-A-Millimeter hat is open to misunderstanding.
   Because capitalism had nothing to do with techno-scientific development?… 
 ...International Style modernism was human cognitive incompetence dressed-up as architectural principle.
 Computers find curves easy. That's why modernism is becoming more interesting. ...
 Since it relaxes Malthusian pressure, it almost certainly does increase global population (if not so… 
 Cnut the Great did it better.
   When someone describes a theoretical possibility as "loathesome" you know with… 
 Put a goddamned rainbow under leftist management and they destroy it through hyper-inflation.
   Have to be careful not to just artificially reproduce an r-selection type population.
   When the serious genome-tweaking starts, engineering-out non-reciprocal altruism… 
  If you were deliberately trying to do the worst thing possible, you'd do something indistinguishable from this.
  Meta-solution (again, as always) is geopolitical fragmentation, regime diversity, and vigorous social experimentation.
  What's the lesson though? Frontier mentality? High religiosity? (Also, almost certainly, Israeli… 
  ...If the 'solution' is radically dysgenic, it's worse than the problem. (As noted, at least the problem spawns robots.)
  Good question (but any definite answer from me would be just blowing smoke). ...
Neoabsolutist / Left Accelerationist fusion makes a lot of sense: They're basically the same philosophy.
  ...Chart didn't need to dial-itself all the way up to population maintenance. Nobody gets to that.
  Look at the actual high-end TFR numbers for the comedy punchline.
   ...The observation doesn't come with a solution attached, though (as far as I… 
   It's a criticism aimed at the Tech-Comms' favorite places, which attract smart… 
   Spandrell's idea (although he called it a "gene shredder").
  It can't be that easy.
  It's probably "ableism" (or some such bullshit) even to think this is a bad thing.

 "...more than 40 percent of migrants from the Maghreb committed robbery or theft within the first ye… 
 Twitter is merely His grim instrument.
One minute it's all about cabbage regulations, the next ...
  Got thrown out of the Devil's Party for being too disruptive.
"May 2017: "It's time minority religions received legal protection."
June 2017: "After reshuffle, DUP Witchfinder-General assumes office.""
UK politics takes an unexpected turn: 
" This certainly isn't the Salafism in the UK the Left has been pushing for. 
(History is the best comedian.)"
 ...Noticed some leftist describing the DUP with a shudder as "The Political Face of the 17th Centur… 
 Let's be realistic. If the KJV of scripture wasn't divinely inspired, no one would be talking about the DUP today.

 A model minority automatically seeks to assimilate. Sadly, this is the shit our dying civilization has decided to set as a yardstick.
  Know the Baizuo, know business success,
 Hell is the camp of splitting. Dissent from that, and Satan laughs (then gets on with it).
 At least that's getting the question right.
 "Hell is a democracy" -- C'mon, you've read the thing. Don't be deliberately obtuse.
 Belly-crawling is under-rated.
 As if there's another, of the slightest seriousness.
  God alone knows the true glory of tedium.
It wouldn't matter much that no one understands Paradise Lost if we weren't living inside the damn thing.
  So if it seems as if you bore the frack out of me, you just have to live with that.
  ...And yet Gnon always annoyingly gives the high-intensity Protestants the keys to the arms-locker.
  That's the low-intensity Protestant version, certainly.
 It's not even seriously encrypted in the Good Book: 
Everyone gets so enraged that Satan is God's favorite child. (Understandable, I guess.)
  Why settle for a flaky beta-version of Gnon?
 It's a bit late for that.
 Have to stop fawning to God first, or objectivity is going to be out of reach. (No sign he has any s… 
 Reality in general is either good for Neoreactionaries, or it isn't. Providence decides. (This looks at least fun.)
  Always with the demotism.
"Joke: Britons miss Europe already.
Smoke: DUP Foreign Secretary issues letters of marque to take War against the Antichrist to high seas."
Unexpected UK 2017 election adjective: Miltonic.
  Just like Attlee, if Attlee had lost to the Tories by 60 seats.
""Hung Parliament!"
"Don't get over-excited."
"I was just trying to prove to my wife that Cthulhu rules this dying world from beyond the spheres ..."
Democracy: "...passion and energy matter, as much if not more than basic competence ..." 


"Imagine this before 2017:
"No, no, honestly, it was just about tentacle porn!""
 ...Now on tenterhooks for the "Theresa May Discovers Tentacle Porn" headlines tomorrow.
 If the only thing that could imaginably extract you from a PR mess is tentacle porn, you know you're in deep. ...
 ...which drives their enemies to split.
 This is why twitter exists.

"God help us" -- probably not.
"God school us" -- always."
 Have to get to the "we can't possibly continue living together" point somehow.
 Does seem that NRO has just been skip-scavenging NRx 2014 recently.
Divorce-talk going mainstream: 
"...bitcoin’s core democratic ideals." WTF?


"If I did, I'd struggle to look my own son in the eyes or look at myself in the mirror." If trolling, it's brutal.
  I'm neither mocking hacking nor demonic possession.
"Here's a not quite used-up sticking-plaster that would be just perfect for that hemorrhaging head-injury ..." 
""[American strategic ally] Isis claimed responsibility for the attacks ..."
"
"Hackers did it" is the demonic possession of our age.
 ...Natural disaster analogies lock in that system of responses even harder. Shame about the dead kids, but… 
 To Leftist eyes, they're like boisterous puppies, or naughty children, when they do bad things you couldn't… 
   It's almost as if Global Protestant Hegemony is a thing.
 ...That's almost certainly the hardwired intuition of paleolithic economics (i.e. that zero-sum resource s… 
 Many simple mainland Chinese folk still think superior economic performance of Taiwan (pre-Deng XP) was bec… 
 My sole criterion is acceleration of national disintegration. (So, probably yes.)
""Impressively florid nervous breakdown, but there's no way you could convert it into an essay."
"Hold my beer ..." 
"
If there's an alternative interpretation of this Ngram, I'd be intrigued to hear it: 
  I'd be happy to put you in charge of it. Quite confident you'd do a better job than I could.
"... the 'imperium' — meaning the American political order — is probably beyond saving at this point." 
   Sure you already know the answer to that. (They're a protected class.)
 The notion that the UK is still anything remotely like a free society is a pitiful joke.

""I have all these questions to ask about William Gibson ..."
"He's Canadian."
"Oh. I guess that explains it.""
 ...Leftism is like the screaming starlet in classic horror movies. The last thing you want is for th… 
 His leftist moral anguish at a near-future he nevertheless grimly detailed is what made cyberpunk work. ...
 "References" meaning?
 ...You don't get anywhere that way.
 ...So the libertarians mostly ended up merely sighing, "Wouldn't it be nice if the State was less of a freaking monster." ...
 ...By the time Libertarianism arrived on the scene, trying to sort things out, the conception of sovere… 
 ...Voice-based 'social contract' theories messed everything up so badly that the word "liberalism" beca… 
 No change. Point is, Classical Liberal concept of contract has not been extended to the political sphere… 
 The mainstream tradition of Classical Liberalism has signally failed to adequately grasp the conception… 
 "Actually something even a little more gone than that ..."
...The Classical Liberals can still win, but it can't look too easy.
Anyone trying to optimize a 'Global History: The Last Battle' computer game would have choked it with Communist, Fascist, and Islamist NPCs.
 The rigorous NRx determination of socio-economic liberty is free (classical liberal) contract for sovere… 
 I agree that's its most typical failure mode.
 Cancer never insisted that a rectal probe was necessary before getting on an airplane.
 ...Constitutionally-formalized Classical Liberalism, then Mass-Demotic Imperial Tyranny, then Full-Fascis… 
 ...The artwork at the end isn't really comparable to the one you started with.
 "The Founders, then Lincoln, and then FDR" is like "The Mona Lisa, then a bucket of decayed offal, and the… 
  The "Oh, how weird, yet another one on a government watch-list!" phenomenon.
 Assumed he was referring to the medieval revivalists (of which there is no small number).
 "A board of directors can't possibly control an executive appointment, so we have to rely on dim p… 
" NRx twitter: "Read Moldbug."
Steorts: "Finally read Moldbug, after wasting my time with NRx twitter.… "
 Restrained with the pearl-clutching, though, so merits some appreciation for that. Totally inadequate… 
...We're better off failing to solve the Principal-Agent Problem in the way we're used to? (I'm genuinely trying to understand.)
Shorter Steorts: "The Principal-Agent Problem is insoluble ...something, something ...therefore popular sovereignty." -- So which is it?
"What if the CEO just went insane and started killing everyone, think about that!"
It would be unfortun… "

 ..."Turns out it's not actually Raw Hitler, but here are some TRULY DEVASTATING problems with the cryp… 
.. "Popular sovereignty keeps incentives ultimately aligned and satisfies the bedrock requirement of political justice." - This not so much.
..."Moldbug, unlike a lot of his followers, doesn’t want to move into the log cabin ..." is actually insightful.
Much muttering about this without a link, so here's a link: Far from the worst example of the genre seen to date.
  "Defend our feelings!" That's the only thing left.
  Don't fixate on the number, focus on the growth curve. (It's vastly worse.)
...Mass Muslim immigration is incompatible with a free society? No problem, we were done with free societies in any case.
""It is too easy for people to access extremist propaganda on the internet ..."
Establishment consensus crystallizes."
 ...Clearly dumb, but not particularly offensive, unless in a structurally-insane society.
  Travel bans are pure bait-and-switch. They're designed to temporarily inconvenience tourists, so i… 
  ...All those frothy-stabby types who should "obviously have been thrown out of the country… 
  This theory seems plausible: Recurrent inept attempts to 'turn' prominent Islamists.) ...
 First tweet was simple, undeniable (if undiplomatic) truth. Second tweet was clearly dumb.
  ...That would be great, because you could then run decentralized nano-state deterrence archi… 
  So Dominant Assurance Contracts would set up the institutional infrastructure required for sm… 
     They don't "originate from their societies"… 
Turkish food can be great, so I'd hate to see any reduction in the number of Libyan terrorists living in Western societies.
    You somehow manage to continue getting more ridiculous. Ar… 
  ...Liberal Christianity has only very recently reached the "It's fine with God for you… 
  Would be good to see that turned into a Pew question, because it's hard to see how the s… 
   Shockingly sensible.

  Any minute now.
" That's seriously your Crypto-Anarchy 101 question?
(But yes.)"
""Crypto-anarchy is taking over the world ..."
This is actually true.)"
 It won't stop accelerating.
   "How bad can a problem be if no one is actually having their throat slashe… 
 "If being blitzed makes us dislike Nazis, the enemy will have won." -- From a forgotten Churchill speech.
  From Frothing Fascism Strasse to Fluffy Fascism Boulevard.
 ...I didn't think that answer was allowed.
 You're saying they didn't slash enough throats?
Can anyone explain why none of the words "Confuciophobia", "Buddhophobia", and "Hinduphobia" exist?
 Horribly plausible.
Theresa May has a "four point plan to defeat terrorism" and it's roughly as awesome as you would have imagined: 
 Progressivism is weird. "Voltaire, yay (because Christians)! Anti-Voltaire, also yay (because Muslims)!"
   It seemed like such a good idea at the time.
  Democracy is poison in any case. If potential diversity problems help to weigh against it, so much the better.
   Guests are typically polite. The entitlements of modern citizenship might… 
  Not uncommon among small states, highly-exposed to competitive realities. (Even in the Cari… 
  I was talking about Shanghai, which is something like a (large) city-state. Actual Pac R… 
  ...The idea of "foreign quarters" long precedes, and exceeds, democracy.
  Large Korean and Japanese populations in Shanghai, for example. Have own schools, shops,… 
  We're not competent to identify or support the "good guys". The past fifteen years (at least) demonstrates that.
  ...It's complicated when your host government is insane, and shrieks at its guest populati… 
  ...My attitude to the Chinese government is mirrored by that of most Chinese communities i… 
  That doesn't follow. There's a large space for agreement under the umbrella of broadly lais… 
   Population replacement isn't synonymous with diversity. Only with its most pitifull… 
  I agree that should be an option. Disagree (no less strongly) that it should be the only option.
  Perhaps predominantly, but certainly not exclusively. The (selectively) cosmopolitan exc… 
  I'd believe you.
  Why is that our problem? Let them get on with it.
  ...The History of Nihilism (aka Protestantism) has spent 500 years processing Ch… 
  The West is stuck with Christendom. If we were having this conversation during th… 
  It's vastly more violent against unbelievers, more incompatible with scientific i… 
"Diversity in general ..." -- Let me stop you right there.
  "Mix any two chemicals together and the same thing happens." -- Roughly equivalent level of discriminating realism.
  You really don't think "any differing groups" stinks to high heaven of universalism? HBD br… 
The Baizuo don't matter much for long. 
  Much worse, obviously. Notable absence of anything like a positive story, even fr… 
 It's already destroyed the West to a truly remarkable extent. Few traditional liberties have survi… 
  Does Hong Kong have a "population replacement problem"?
 If anything can be replaced by anything, then anything.
     "Ramadan is for Infidels too!"
 Yes, thanks. Fascinating stuff.
 That's what the progs are counting on. "Hey Beatrice, we've got a story here for the p.28 Hair-Dryer A… 
    .. Either any population favoring moral-purity signals above… 
    Be nice if there was an equilibrium point somewhere short of… 
   What I'm describing is entirely compatible with the "principle of homophily"… 
   Has that ever happened?
   That's why everything should be done in small patches. If another couple of… 
   ...You're still too fixed on Alt-Right universalism (i.e. obligate Hobbit-world).
   Diversity + proximity works out just fine if the mix in question is alchemic… 
   Many others hooked on the urban buzz -- although optimally without "random" throat-slashings.
   No problem with a Shining City on a Hill, as long as there's a nice neat fence around that hill.
   That's definitely the basis for a sane deal. (But not holding my breath.)
   There's a clear -- non-illusory -- affinity.
  Except "de-reformations" don't happen.
  ..."Need" it or not, it's happening, and it's only just getting started.
  As has been said a million times before (accurately each time): Salafism IS the Islamic reformation.
  I want diversity between civilized, commercially-oriented people. Alongside many other alte… 
  "Diversity in general" comes with a mix of challenges and benefits. Islam offers peculiar… 
  ...Regime diversity is best. Even including places for non-Muslims to try and mix congenia… 
  ...But also sad if the whole world was suited solely for Hobbit-type societies (i.e. unive… 
  ...Sad for Hobbits, probably. ...
  Diversity between civilized peoples tends to encourage the swapping-out of tribal trust-rit… 
  Any city without a Chinatown is sad.
 This whole narrative is the Alt-Right way of missing the point. "Men did it" has comparable diagnostic accuracy.
 You think if the UK's minorities were overwhelming Confucian, Hindu, Buddhist, and Sikh, it would even be an issue?
...The West has foolishly decided to be an intimate part of that. It's going to keep getting worse. There's not even an alternative story.
...Point commonly missed is that Islam is not a static "identity" but a dynamic socio-historical process, tending to crisis. ...
"It's not "men" and it's not "diversity" -- It's Islam.
Whichever circle of hell is needed to acknowledge that is where we're going. ..."

 From the guy who surrendered the Oort Cloud to Islam -- still no apology.

 "Okay, you’re white. Great. Most white people suck. What else have you got?"
  So: "Government business (i.e. sovereignty services) will never be better organized,… 
  Government is already business. (It's just idiotically organized business.)
  Forbidden only to non-gangstas.
 African-Americans use it billions of times every day.
 Surrounded by a retinue of flatterers and jesters, as no previous leader in history (it's just tha… 
"You can't use a billion Africans as ammo in a geopolitical chicken game!"
"Hold my beer ...""
 Good to see that's still possible.
" Presses button.
Literally nothing happens.
"Alright, I guess this round of negotiations is completed.""
...the idea of building a multi-pronged business empire on the back of runaway apocalypse psychosis is sheer genius. It's what SF was for.
Yes, Musk's PR posturing can be trying, but ...
...But I guess that's more fantasy Dr. Gno presidency stuff.
"I just have to push this one little button, and Gaia fries in her own juices like a jumbo shrimp. Now you're sweating, let's negotiate." ..
...Something beyond merely triggering globalist hysterics for domestic American electoral advantage, in any case.
...If it was really possible to exterminate terrestrial life this easily, I'd have expected a more sophisticated game-theoretic usage. ...
"“Trump just declared war on the very idea of life on earth” and other calmnesses:
"
 More of a skeptically-inclined chap generally.
"  "I'm not arguing with anyone unless their life can then be destroyed for bad-think." 
-- The… "
Cole makes a lot of sense on transracialism: 
"  Demands "all Muslims to be free to leave France and live in the Islamic State." 
-- You ca… "
There are intelligence arms-races, and there's bullshit hegemony, and that's it.
"   "Our diplomats say we need to suppress intelligence research." 
Perhaps in so… "
   I expect the Chinese social elite to be politely under-stated on the topic. B… 
  "...we’ll know soon enough from advances in genomic research." -- Hence getting in… 
 That's exactly my take. It makes sense theoretically (long-term trend to atmospheric CO2 suppression is… 
   There's a meta-cortical nano-graft for that mournfulness.
"
"
 If they were honestly sweating about it they'd have bought your hills by now.
 ...America is clearly no longer a nation with imaginable common purpose. (Nor is the UK, if anyone still cares.)
 ...Left and Right have different "Why can't we all just coordinate on this?" subjects, but it's not co… 
 Perhaps not in quite the same way "international" -- but a highly-comparable collective action problem nevertheless. ...
 When you lose the NYT you know you're really hyper-accelerating the Maoism.
 Can anything that first requires decisive triumph in a multi-century culture war really be described as "simple"?
 No. (I'd be interested to see that too.)
 ...Hard to see how the increased selectivity wouldn't substantially improve migrant quality, though, a… 
 ...At the global (real AnCap) level, laws aren't simply obeyed. They raise business costs and opportun… 
 Increasing importance of people-smuggling operations to organized crime, in intensified competition with state agencies. ...
 ...Easy to see how a "war on illegal migration" could have lots of "war on drugs" characteristics under a strict regime.
 ...Hard not to see technological amplifiers at work, for instance: Cheap transport, ubiquitous information. ...
 Because it's always posed as a policy squabble, the deeper historical drivers of migration aren't discussed nearly enough. ...
 The Musk-route is more fun. (Prospect of network-based decentralization vastly greater.)
...All the "I can't even begin to imagine thinking like that" indignation is such obvious bullshit.
...Left on mass immigration, or Right on climate change? ...
"It's going to happen anyway. There's nothing politically tolerable that could be done to stop it. Only option is to adapt." ...
  Talismania.
"
PROBLEM: Civil War precedent; Yankees Always Win
SOLUTION: make Yankees secede"
"
Being seceded from: smooth, can pretend it wasn't your idea, still enjoy ht…"
 A Musk-style fully-electrified technosphere would be cool -- but then so would seastead-clogged crisis Waterworld.
 'Savage cuts' relative to the expected exponential trend.
    Third time around (but it's good).
 War against Florida estate agents.
  Whenever a fox dies ceremonially, it transsubstantiates into a plate of thinly-cut cucumber sandwiches.
"Hounds seem in damn fine form, Clark. You think they're jolly for the kill?"
"Yes, thank 'ee sir, th… "
 Without much intimate knowledge of the subject, I assume there's a Downton Abbey-type cross-class involvement in the ritual.
   Also an urban type, but I can understand the fun of doing something that seem… 
  It's still what country-people see as a pest-control ritual, and town folks see as simple animal cruelty.
 Is hunting in America so different? Probably more town v. country than straightforward class  politics.
 ...driving it into the public sector (and darker places).
 Selects for crypto-competent wolves, which complicates things in an interesting way down the road.
    Always worth remembering that the main target of the Cultura… 
    Looks like the idea is to aim that at Cathedral operatives w… 
   Where's the fun in AnCap geopolitical chicken-games with seed Mal-AI mu… 
 Being "debunked" by philosophy is rarely a life-threatening problem.
“The difference is that China seems to think [AI development is] a race and America doesn’t.” 
"I watched the BBC World News with a Pole who found it so depressing that we turned it off." 
Mark Twain: “Censorship is telling a man he can’t have a steak because a baby couldn’t chew it.” 
...The West is succumbing to loser ideologies because it's losing. (Of course, the process is dynamically nonlinear.)
"A majority of [young Democrats] now reject capitalism entirely ..." Stark indication of seismic geopolitical shift.
...More on that: 
..."...no historical analogy is precise, though I think the Cultural Revolution is a good analogy." -- Yes it is.
"“You have the fucking nerve to, like, fucking dehumanize our (unintelligible)!”
"
 Among other blatant problems.
 Read? I don't see much evidence they can talk.
""You don't think you might be over-doing the whole 'collapse of Western civilization' thing?"
"Well ..."
  The average ability of college students is now too low for that to be practical. Perhaps… 
 But the Russians!
 ...Accompanying comment: I'd trust those people to run Western immigration bureaucracies far more than present personnel.
 Twitter is refusing to let me tweet a link to faithfreedom dot org -- which is a level of micro-fascism I hadn't seen yet.
 The overt apostates are quality people.
  The ideal of a fully-endogamous national community -- while popular on the alt-right -- is… 
  "Immigration" is hopelessly indiscriminate. The sane goal is selective immigration. Perhap… 
 "Trying to route around them just makes them angry."
  First principle of capitalism: Never trust a capitalist. It's the mechanism that matters.
  ...which takes the state all the way into population zoo-keeping.
  Yes, but he's also a core Cathedral flunky (i.e fascist functionary). He's even pressing the case for UBI ...
 "Intelligence isn't a statistical matter that can be simply scanned" -- So saturated in error that ev… 
  Capitalism is getting steadily better at that shit.
  I like capitalistic mechanisms (with the least fascist overlay possible).
  ...and co-opting capitalistic mechanisms for statist purposes rather than simply wrecking them.
    Anyone (human) identifying as an Übermensch is an irredeemable jackass.
  Fascists are practical socialists. (So a bit of both your suggestions.)
 The appetite for moral admiration prominent among them.
   The idea that Louis XIV is flattered by a comparison with Elon Musk is sad in a w… 
 "Bitcoin is hard to grasp because it’s almost like a technology from an alien civilization." -- Th… 

    The frog insurgency hasn't been happening for long en… 
    Now you've genuinely surprised me.
  Meanwhile, China rises.
    "Repressive tolerance" works only for the Left (and w… 
    Much contrary evidence to this.
    Breaking up starts with something that isn't broken u… 
    Whole schtick (for that constituency) is: "You don't… 
" To be appreciated as the occasion for  's classic:
"In space no one can hear you whine.""

    If you don't like that game, you don't like games at all.
 On the contrary, I'd like to restore an emotion-drenched propaganda term to its technical and historical m… 
 Once your national currency has become a policy instrument, you're in deep.
" 1) No.
2) Yes."
 The only thing "central to fascism" is macroeconomics.
  
 "They couldn't have been fascists because they didn't shout 'Achtung!' and march funny."
 So Baizuo, it burns.
 It would be strange for China to believe in universal norms. Nothing in its cultural history really suggests them.
 ...Both know that the meeting point is the zone of maximum intensity, the ragged fringe of the empire, wh… 
 An ethnically de-universalized territorial integrity / schismatic autonomy norm would work fine for China (as for Anglos). ...
  The New Deal was straight-up American Fascism, as was widely understood at the time. The w… 

  ...Westerners are so dejected they don't even think Skynet wants to kill them.
  "...with Asian respondents expecting these dates much sooner than North Americans." -- P… 
  Funny how that happens.
 First step to stopping it is some firm boundaries. "Oh no! Don't be divisive!" doesn't help with that.
 They're not getting to the end goal. An eternity in paradise with 72 dark-eyed houris is the "end goal"… 
    Well, it's a mistake. But it's not a "communism is kind of cool" level mistake.
 ...Does "eliminating the Gray Zone" sound like "bringing the whole globe under Islam" to you? It's closer to the opposite.
" Did you read the Intercept ISIS stuff? 
It's worth it. ..."
  "No imbecile ever called me a corrupt, sleazy parasite who needs lamp-posting."
  ...Add 1 SD to mean global IQ, and no climate problem is serious. Subtract one and… 
  ...Is the descent into imbecility really considered less of a problem than a tempe… 
  Support for Idiocracy thesis (theoretical and empirical) is at least as strong as t… 
 Malthusian relaxation would be causing it, even without the dysgenic influx.
 Typical Baizuo "our dusky cousins don't have any historical agency of their own" bullshit.
 Why is slot #3 difficult? Leaving it as a query feeds the impression that indeterminism and volition… 
 In a diverse regime ecology, the force of that suggestion would be hard to resist.
   Disclaimer: No robotic warfare corporation paid me to write this thread… 
  We can't even begin to imagine what the great Global Islamist Experiment will do -- e… 
  If you're keeping the purity spirals in check, you're not unleashing the relevant "cultural revolution".
 ...All the countries you list have an Islamist opposition. They don't agree with you, or their regimes,… 
 If Salafism works, good luck to it. (I'm entirely confident that it will fail even more spectacularly than communism has.)
...If Islamist thought their "alternative" had been tried, they wouldn't exist. History's lesson: Don't interrupt an educational process.
 I like Chinese and Vietnamese, which is why I'm delighted they now have greater attachment to the m… 
 "Factually wrong" sounds like it should be accompanied by a fact.
 Which may, or may not, explain why Italy is still a basket-case.
...It's going to unfold this way anyway. Pointless Cold War-style delay isn't helping anyone. Get the lesson going.
...The only thing the rest of the world has to concern itself with is quarantine. That's not an unmanageable problem. ...
...It's not as if it isn't perfectly clear that it will be a hideous disaster. Let it rip (over there). ...
...Radical Islamic Theocracy is probably the greatest educational opportunity the Islamic world will ever know. Why obstruct it? ...
...Why should we think the problem of Islamism is any different? ...
...What worked (unintentionally) was allowing them to do it -- and learn from it. ...
Communism (of course) sucks completely. But trying to protect foreign societies from it failed absolutely. ...
  Confident they are. Watching the Baizuo has to be the most educational thing since the Cultural Revolution.
 Sadly, yes. Thankfully they don't have votes, serious Voice, or any of the other stuff Western govern… 
    You seem to think it has a meaning beyond any that I'm seeing.… 
   ...You ever see this movie? It's relevant.
   If they were worthless, it's hard to see how they could be successfully vult… 
 Eventually, that's almost bound to be what it looks like.
""How's Operation Endless Purgatory going?"
"Resolutely.""
 Over 90% of entire Chinese population is Han. Distribution also extremely uneven (Western provinces far more mixed).
You only have to know it's called " Operation Inherent Resolve" to be entirely confident it's not working. 
  Gnon says no.
 I agree with ISIS that Islamic backwardness is too precious to be shared with the infidels.
 That's more the Intercept line than ISIS's, as far as I can see.
...Of all the reasons one might have to want to kill them, that seems like a peculiarly bad one.
ISIS doesn't think unassimilable Muslim populations should be living outside the world of Islam: 
...NRO snootiness aside, Williamson seems to be to the "right" of Trump on this issue, and basically says so.
If you didn't have a Malmö "would you want one? Why?" 
 No, it's rational to be more trusting of random people from trustworthy ethnicities (not that rationality is to be expected).
 "China has more billionaires than refugees ..."

Trying to imagine what it would like to think: "I demand Chinese citizenship, but I despise Chinese culture, and want it to be replaced."
  A marginal problem, as these things go.
 ..."Take our side, or go to live among your friends." -- Crazy, right?
" ..." ...and adopt the [infidel] religion … or they … [emigrate] to the Islamic State ..." 
-- Strug… "
 “The Muslims in the West will quickly find themselves between one of two choices, they either apostatize ..." ...
  It's tragic (to the point of utter hilarity).
     Nothing wrong with that.
  Perhaps your point has been crudified excessively in the interests of mass usage?
 Poor Zuck is sailing straight into a monsoon of memetic pain.
    No, I'm not. (Although there's a wing of NRx that would.)
  ...Since, for the English, "White Nationalism" would have to include the French, it's an obvious non-starter.
  "White nationalism" is a Frankenstein American creed, based on the comparative weakness of… 
   That doesn't really address the differential value of anonymity side of the argument.
  Stop worrying about the NPCs. They've only been written into the simulation for the crowd scenes.
When pressed, Cathedralists admit they think a reign of cultural terror is basically a good thing: HT 
 Expect considerable over-shoot.
 "LIbertarian Party" is like "Neoreactionary Movement".
  ...Any kind of intelligence arms-race is an excellent thing to have. This is one.
  Yes, the ignition-threshold potential of this is massive. That might be what (quite… 
"  An "entryist"?
Wouldn't that require at least minimally trying to get in?"
 There's room in a sufficiently expansive ecology of regime diversity for this, I suppose. Might even… 
  It's difficult for states to do large-scale (explicit) bio-experimentation on their popula… 
 Is there any reason to think states are going to be in the driving-seat of this? Seems highly unlikely to me.
   ...Lucia Diego demonstrates a level of grace, courage, and integrit… 
   Privilege-mongering is always stupid. When targeting people who are… 
   ...You actually know this quite clearly. Hence the strategic public… 
   NRx has broken chunks of the Brahmin caste away from Cathedral alleg… 
  You don't think they need baiting?
 It's not my problem at all. A version of the "OMG someone is wrong on the Internet!" panic, as far… 
 But I clearly don't "need" to. Your moral imperatives have zero authority on this side of the mirror.
The Baizuo simply can't imagine that it isn't all about white people.
 ...This guy (but with the public pearl-clutching performance ripped out) does it better: 
 Do I really have to wheel out the "Hong Kong and Singapore" mantra every freaking day to avoid this bullshit?
 .. My principal objection to WN is that it's nowhere near sufficiently focused upon disintegration.
 It leads nowhere, as he knew.
 If that's the only way to break things up, yes.
 Islam doesn't know what a thought is (and hasn't since al-Ghazali), so it can't do cultural schism.
 NRx is Protestant, in its foundations. It's the only real source of schismatic energy on the plane… 
 ...I actually wish WN was less of an incoherent mess, so it was possible to side with it more una… 
 Invitations to engage in public purity rituals are annoying.
 Because they hate the Cathedral's lies, and will tolerate realism -- however condescending -- over… 
 I'm not going to do it to make Leftists happy, but only no irritate WNs, so you'll have to wait un… 
 Holy Gnon Abomenon, I do that every week. Pay attention.
 "Higher" and "lower" presupposes too much social integration. There's no such thing as a "higher specie… 
 Harari's semi-explicit scenario is that they all get mass-emigrated to the West.
...It's almost as if Harari thinks "humankind" has a decision-making capability. Probably just soothing babble for scared children.
"How to use [these technologies] wisely is the most important question facing humankind today." ...
"If you don’t like some of the scenarios I have outlined here, you can still do something about it." -- Kek. (Accelerationism says no.)
"...instead of globalisation resulting in prosperity and freedom for all, it might ...result in speciation ..." 
" Be still my heart. 
(Stolen from the Derb, btw. It's perfect.)"
The Treaty of Westphalia was a ceasefire in a specifically European religious conflict. You can't build an eternal World Order out of that.
""We evolved beyond religious wars."
"How fascinating. Beyond them where?"
"Ummm ...Human Rights and stuff.""
  ...It's not difficult to grasp -- just intolerably awkward.
  Sadly, I was seeing people make exactly this point over a decade ago.
 Japan bombs Pearl Harbor, presidential address: "We will prevail in this war until sneak air-attacks are defeated".
 Terrorism is a tactic, not an enemy. (Sixteen years on, still haven't got to first cognitive base,… 
 Except to the extent that the Catholic Church has been protestantized (which is very considerable,… 
 The Cathedral (ethno-specifically) is abstract Protestant evangelical universalism, so the final p… 
" Sincerely disagree with it? (I doubt it.)
How much Russian Orthodox overseas missionary activity has there ever been?"
 But the Russian Orthodox Church has no (serious) universal vocation. Nor is "raw statist dominance" a gospel.
 Once the Cathedral is erased, that boundary will be respected again.
 What do you think contemporary Russia is universally evangelizing for?
 Whatever hell happens in Chechnya is none of our business, and trying to make it so only leads to… 
 Does it get invited to Davos?
 ...Thankfully, it's part of the Global Order that's dying, rather than the patchwork of spontaneo… 
 The idea repulses me in a way I can scarcely begin to express.
 Not a Derrida fan. (See his project as essentially an academic bureaucratization of Critique.)
 ...In fact, they know who they are threatened by, and use NATO mostly to keep the US engaged in E… 
 I very seriously doubt that Poland, Hungary, or the Czech Republic are threatened by contemporary Russia. ...
 Not nothing, but also not much. (Belarus wasn't even an independent country until 1990.)
 We've seen societies recover from Soviet occupation. I'll be surprised if recovery from EU members… 
 No one is here is questioning "Soviet Terror". Main point being, the Soviet Union is gone.
 You don't think the fact that Russia has substantially contracted makes a mockery of your "Russian… 
 ...If it had been sensibly divided at the right time, none of this recent unpleasantness would have been necessary.
 You do understand that Ukraine is not a NATO member? It's a breakaway country that's obviously half-Russian. ...
 ...EU membership is far more destructive of a nation's social foundations than four decades of So… 
 There's no grown-up reason to think Russia has "designs on military occupation of such countries." Beside which ...
...The countries of Eastern Europe are far more seriously threatened by Merkel's Germany than by Putin's Russia.
...If you think the world needs a Russian-Boogie Left-Liberal Huddle Pact, then build one. It's not what NATO was for.
NATO was formed specifically to defend its members against Soviet Communism. It has no extant purpose today. ...
  South Africa.
 "But they're shocking the wrong bourgeoisie now!"
 Go Duchamp, reap LD50.
 Running on a "Free Shit!" platform. That's smart and original.

 Agreed. Communist Islamophilia, not Islamic infiltration -- hence basically a fantasy-construct, no… 
 ...Also Rob, any chance of an emphatic 'is' in "is the phenomenon" (middle of last paragraph)?
"Among its predictions is the expectation that you’ll [to] be too ..."
Cut 'to' in hard brackets. ..."
 (Grammatical glitch in second line of second paragraph -- probably my fault.)
 ...Or, turning that around, Hobbesian horror is the only thing that keeps anybody honest.
So the more 'The Better Angels of our Nature' prevail, the more truth dies? HT  ...
"  "War, serious war, keeps your head on straight [or chops it off]." 
(Cochran's parenthesis.)"
  Global Order conceived as a colossal supermarket aisle -- complete with tacky muzak.… 
  Your emotions are an enemy asset.
It's notable that the right does far less dead cute kid photo-propaganda than cold-blooded pragmatism would recommend.
   If only that degree of basic decency still worked in 2017. Sadly, propaganda wo… 
 You think it being ahead of schedule would mean less mind-flaying nightmares? (Pretty confident it's bang-on schedule, FWIW.)
 Hard to imagine them wanting to be Globocop, so Han-NWO is probably highly patchwork-compatible.
(When I hear "the world fragments into a patchwork" I have to take a cold shower.)
"The issue is whether order can recover before the world fragments into a patchwork of affinity groups." 
 Sure the NSA is quaking right now.
   ..."War is God." A chain of command (political, military, or corpora… 
   Not sure that's being claimed. Any organization pushed up hard agains… 
   But more importantly in this case, delegation of initiative.
  With delegation of control.
...Disturbingly well-argued: 
"I have no interest in anything resembling a 'race war,' but I don’t see many scenarios where something like that doesn’t end up happening."
 Doing my best to talk all relevant parties into divorce proceedings.
  You can tell that they're better because they think a journalist getting body-slam… 
  You mean 'neotenous'?
""You know who butchered 25% of Cambodians in the killing fields?"
"Men?"
"Men who hadn't donated a single cent to FAI research.""
  "...which tears peaceful society apart." -- As if that isn't the best imaginable outcome at this point.
 "Look what toxic masculinity has done now!"
" ..."...has to welcome the destiny of Islam into its sphere of domestic politics."
-- They have no… "
 "Due to our imperial responsibilities, and anti-imperial responsibilities, and humanitarian responsi… 
  "But if we don't accept this, something bad could happen."
 There won't be a Global Caliphate, but the catastrophic cost of stopping it is growing exponential… 
   Just obstructing the return journey would be far better.
ISIS is accelerationist multiculturalism.
 "Hey guys, I've got this great package of corrosive despair and social ostracism to offer you. Interested?"
 Still haven't sold the movie rights to 'Hell Baked 1: Genesis'. (After that, I'm on it.)
  You think Hell is earthier than the Earth is hellish?
  Seems more accurate to say the Earth is literally within Hell.
 "Hail horrors, hail!" mostly.
 Trouble with the secession option is that it only becomes realistic sometime after we've been drag… 
 Near-term human extinction has been shifted into the "C'mon, do you really think we're going to be that lucky?" folder.
...The only things that look less than radically horrific are the ones you haven't seriously started to think about.
If the Black Pill = all the plausible scenarios are mind-flaying nightmares, that's my staple diet recently. Can't see any way to change it.

   ..."The Real Islam is the one being trampled into the bloody dirt by fanatica… 
   Salafism is Islamic Protestantism, and like Christian Protestantism it's provi… 

 If NRx was merely paleo-reaction the new name wouldn't exist. Why you feel it necessary to infest NRx wit… 
 I've never claimed to be a reactionary, but only like Hayek an "Old Whig" or like Kuehnelt-Leddihn "a lib… 
 Now that you could fit on a T-shirt. Slightly cryptic, but it would probably sell.
 Truly stunning numbers have never been bitten by a lethally venomous spider -- and yet still insist t… 

 Not so implying.
 How's the T-shirt business working out?
 Guilt is Shame's ugly cousin.
  Decentralization of battlefield command structures (to soak up spontaneous order) has… 
...In the best possible case, Westerners will look to the Far East, and be mortified by shame at the comparison.
..."...In a decade it will be worse, and in two decades worse still ..."
"As I asked around Europe all last year: What's the happy ending here? ..." 
  ...Realistically, baby steps towards quarantine is the very most Islamophobes are going to… 
  ...Since that isn't going to happen for years yet, the default should be a clear "keep the… 
  Unless "The Enemy is Islam" is an explicit operational principle, from top to bottom, no mi… 
 ...or move to a big city in a civilized country.
"After every terror attack there are morons who confuse Sikhs with Muslims."
"Hold my beer ...""
   Running the two side-by-side produces something more grotesque than you co… 
 Neoconservatism (foreign policy version) was invented to convert that program into a global social-work o… 
 The real threat comes from carbon-based life-forms. 100% of all terrorist violence is down to those bastards.
"   "Study our deepest beliefs!"
"Kek, no."
"Then more dead schoolkids until you t… "
   ...The laughable crudity of the Koran -- compared to serious sacred scripture… 
   Islam merits no serious philosophical attention. Schopenhauer summed it up bes… 
 Islam isn't that old. No one beside immediate neighbors had a big problem with Arabs before then.
 I'd guess the massive over-reaction point is still at least a decade out (absent a nuke in a Western c… 
"Let it slide.
Let it slide.
Let it slide.
Massive over-reaction (that brutally solves the problem).
"OMG what have we done?"
Repeat cycle."
 About as mild as any set of recommendations deserving the label "sane" could be.
 Like I said at the start: I'm not holding my breath.
 ...How much killing do you think Mohammed was personally responsible for? Quite a lot, surely. So a… 
 Being an Islamic Buddhist can't be easy.
 You've been a (generally) charming conversation partner -- but plenty. No Westerner would sensibly think you had their back.
"I insist upon maintaining a certain ambiguity about shredding you school kids with nail bombs."
--… "
 Then don't be stuck in it.
 For sure, "Eliminate the Gray Zone" being the most prominent current example.
 But also in Singapore, no shredded schoolgirls in the street.
 ...Perhaps we can agree that Islam is an unmitigated curse upon everything outside itself, and leave it there.
 If your notion of "health" is comfortable with a complete absence of positive externalities, why any… 
 ...If there's anything "healthy" in Islam itself, it certainly doesn't extend its blessings beyond the Ummah.
 There are plenty of healthy remnants from pre-Islamic civilization (among Persians most notably). ...
 Both Islam and the West have decadent civilizations, which is why they're spiraling down into hell together.
 Some under-distributed graphics here: 
 Islam destroyed Classical Civilization within a century of its emergence. As you know, celebrating t… 
 De-Nazification is the best model. It would be nice if there was an analog for communism. (Maybe later.)
 I've already spent hundreds of hours on this toxic crap: Those you'll persuade want to be persuaded.
 Critique is pointless. Memetic infections aren't eradicated that way.
 Only those who are not infected fail to see the beauty of this meme.
 Hostile memes are the most serious enemies.
 ...Violence against infidels is a central Islamic religious duty.
 We've been going around in these circles since 9/11 at least. Only baizuo are persuaded by this nonsense. ...
  Those Sunnis sound like a dangerous bunch.
 Sure, the communists mostly killed their own people too. That's what totalitarian maniacs are like.
 Jihad promotion is the main current. There's only one religion in the world behaving like this and (Sunni) Islam is it.
 Treat your religious leadership in the same way the WWII allies treated the NSDAP.
The enemy is Islam. Until there's clarity on that point, everyone is just messing around. (I'm not holding my breath.)
"

Islam is Nazism (an expansionist murderous totalitarian ideology) with good calligraphy."
Reuters has the Manchester massacre categorized under 'Entertainment News' (which seems cold). 
 It's easier to be dim.
 Given the ethno-psychological realities of the situation, probably going to be easier to re-settle bits o… 
..."Yes, we'd been having some marital problems, but it all came to a head with the pet rabid hyena ..."
...Its Western sympathizers and critics won't be sharing even semi-functional societies for long. There's no space for compromise on this.
Beside shredding itself into bloody tatters, Islam is tearing the West apart at the seams. ...
 Division looks more attractive every week, tbh.
  Autonomization of preserved production is, indeed, the process.
  The opposite is neoclassical magical thinking. "We really want something, demonstrably, ergo it will exist."
  ...Innovation isn't conjured into being by commercial demand (although it can certa… 
  ...You can try trade --&gt; specialization --&gt; roundabout production, but that's getti… 
  There's no smooth theoretical path from elementary commercial concepts to the phenomenon of technology. ...
  Capitalism = systematized round-about production. That defines technology simultaneously. Now your turn.
  Joseph Needham spent seven massive volumes showing that self-propelling technology f… 
 Capital is exactly as historical or ahistorical as technology is
 Read Böhm-Bawerk and stop embarrassing yourself. "Round-about production" is capitalism, in both its… 
  ...According to the philosophy of Islamic Occasionalism, Allah wills Jihad nail bomb… 
  Correlation is not causation, though.
Here's a real head-scratcher: 
  Eventually the Japanese will get bored with not mopping pieces of dead kids off the street.
  "Once the drone-delivery of Evola's complete works arrives, I'm riding that tiger all the way into post-capitalism."
   Goddamn Cantonese have to stop doing this shit.
  "The motivation for the unfortunate incident is still unknown."
 No, it toughens people up, and breaks things. If not exactly "good" it's at least necessary.
 "What did capitalism ever do for us?" he tweets.
 Kek.
 Transistors --&gt; Integrated circuits --&gt; Microprocessors --&gt; Packet-switching networks --&gt; WWW --&gt; LARPing neo-primitivist morons.
 No.
  Nonsense. Rationalist construction is Continental illiberalism.
   I admire the consistency. (Also: "Newton was basically a pirate in… 
   There's a substantial constituency that thinks "Neoreaction" means "contemporary Paleoreaction".
   "demand" -- sure. If that means shout in a way that can be freely ignored.
   Criticism is fine, as long as it doesn't come with a vote.
   There's going to be an Urbit app.
 A geopolitical entity with intrinsic capacity for self-defense (primarily, credible deterrence capability).
 Singapore and Hong Kong.
   It probably would if it's being done noisily on the business premises.
 Yes, definitely. My stickling is about attempts to build first-order social policy into the transcendental NRx frame.
   Phyles = regime diversity. Hard for me to understand why anyone would balk at it.
 Trail-and-error is the only way anything gets discovered. "Rationally-organized" means learning from tha… 
  Diamond Age was better.
  It's the current year!
   If "not really" the world would still be speaking French.
  Except all the steps along that path draw upon spontaneous order to succeed (war first and most of all).
  
 The fascists left for the Alt-Right. We're talking now about chivalric re-enactment clubs being confused… 
""Okay, sure, but also government-mandated revived traditions of Courtly Love, low-rise architecture, and guild identity, right?"
Not right."
A model Neoreactionary State is a rationally-organized sovereignty-services corporation. Period.
   As long as you're not pretending there's any basis in Moldbug for this weird stuff. ...
    It's just pining for the fjords.
 Except for the "trying them over again just to be sure" part.

 Even Marxist materialism does, when you dig into it.
The plan? This is the plan 
 Destruction of the UN just reached the top of the priority list.
 Is Hong Kong an example of "ineffective rule"?
" So let's see who breaks up fastest going forward.
"But ...but ...breaking up is just Protestant li… "
""How about you disarm and submit to a higher authority?"
"How about fuck you?"
"That's Protestantism!"
"Too right kiddo.""
        "You're m… 
       ..."They did what it said… 
       "Authority" here being an… 
      ...You're making a good point (by accident… 
      Not by the time they switched over to Cathedral administration.
      You seem to think we're going to get this stu… 
     Mal AI capacity &gt; Nukes. Also synthetic plagues. Compact d… 
    ...When NRx recommendations are extended to any polity larger than a… 
    First comment (by Aodh Mor MacRaynall) gets it. "...this 'unified emp… 
  No. (I've no idea what's happening right now.)
 Nothing other than Trump as the compliant ceremonial figure-head for the Bannon-Thiel counter-revolution really works.
   "We can TOTALLY regain control of our own social media platform -- trust us!"
  “If it’s true that he wouldn’t be president if it weren’t for Twitter, then yeah, I’m sorry.” 

"  "Human, Human, Human, Human ..."
-- We're entering the end-game."
 England will not have completed its historical destiny until it has disintegrated itself into a loose co… 
 They're deferring to the principles of the regime, Confucian style. It could flip around fast if the regime loses its hegemony.

   
  Jones knows who they are, as does Dugin. Atlantean, capitalist, hyper-commercial, WASP magicians, roughly.
 Jones is like Dugin -- An enemy of my people, but a dazzlingly brilliant one.
 ...Seems to me the problem is more that they expect that "equal seat" to be a ducking stool.
 "White Christians are today struggling to face a new reality: the inevitable surrender of table own… 
    MOG.
"Stop the communism, or we shut Starbucks down for a week."
"We're being oppressed!"
"Damn you're right.… "
 You're not going to do the pox-blanket thingummy with the progs. Don't delude yourself.
"    First you defeat them.
Then you feel pity for them.
Then you feel… "
    There's no point pretending to be Zulus when you're not.
    You won't kill them, so eventually they'll destroy the lives of your grandchildren.
    Leaving your posterity in a state of political integration with pe… 
    America is (of course) several nations: 
   Is this more Neo-absolutist bullshit?
   I'll accept the War of Independence, as long as all subsequent secessions are… 
   It's done by spontaneous social sorting, not by government policy.
  ...I know this language triggers bad things with you guys, but D-I-V-O-R-C-E.
  Kek. You're seriously looking for a set of rules that would enable sane people to co-exist in a state with yankees?
  ...To add special rules to the game, for people who fundamentally don't like the game, is… 
  A society is a game. If you don't want to play that game, you belong in a different society. ...
  ...Rhodesia had no Apartheid. It had simple consistent principles (with massive disparate… 
  ...I caught a lot of flak (though not by people you'd have any time for) by defending the… 
  Aren't you asking for a way to make one state work for very different people?
  If there's anyway at all to acquire voting rights (other than sovereign stock ownership) -- not great.
  Better to particularize the state, that to trust an imperial state to competently particularize its laws.
  ...Anything beyond one megabyte of legislation-space is naked communist tyranny.
  You want the government to engage in systematic identity politics? (Bitcoin sorts all relevant problems better.)
  I was going to add: "'Buy' in this context has nothing at all to do with money."
  This is so definitely not the way to go.
  Do the Mute article. They'll probably buy it.

   That's sad, yes, but it would be sensible to try to criticize fascism as calmly as poss… 
 "Reducing congestion ..." (Dr Gno couldn't have said it better.)
A nice stream of mind-warping Musk projects: 
 You don't think 'Caucasian' is a real clade? (I'm not at all suggesting it's a supremely important one.)
 Randomly dismissing some cladistic levels as 'unreal' doesn't seem hugely persuasive to me.
...Meaning recursively-selected distant genetic descendants come on-stream. Watching world trying to ban that will be fun.
For everyone already in a state of hysteria about heredity and IQ, a gentle reminder that reiterated embryo selection will be arriving soon.
 ...Since the dynamic there is intra-racial (and trans-racial) genetic disassociation, it doesn't squ… 
 I learnt the meaning of 'assortative mating' from him -- so I guess at least a little.

 It's selling highly-addictive psychological-dissonance alleviation medicine to people on the terminal ward.
 Bullshit psychometrics spin for tortured left-liberals is the closest thing modern journalism has to an art-form.
 It doesn't rely on Charles Murray at all.
 It's as if they're pretending not to understand that "distributed in a bell-curve" and "massively poly… 
 Meta-diagonal indirect sub-tweeting.
...Anyone who'd ever argued the opposite would be feeling really silly now.
..."Virtually none of the complex human qualities that have been shown to be heritable are associated with a single determinative gene!"
Vox takes blowing smoke to a whole new level: 
"Not giving a shit about white identity is the last stand of implicit white identity. 
(No one comes out of this loop thinking straight.)"
 "Things that would be too horrible to be true" is an empty set.
  Note to self: "Don't make the '...especially in Appalachia' joke."
 ...And with this one small biological development, suddenly the prospect of being raped by foreign barba… 
 This is the most easily-predictable evo-psych conclusion I've ever seen.
"

a…"
 Baizou homeland ASAP. (Would they all fit in New England?)
  The micro-summation of NRx is good. Brett is way too universalist for me, though. I'd rather see regime diversity.
 Nope.
  Nation states were practical units of fragmentation for the time. Fragmentation produces ind… 
  ...In reality, even the most competent ruling elite is mostly groping about semi-randomly in the dark.
  If true -- and not a preposterous conspiracy theory of history -- indeed, yes.

"   Are you cool with our hand searching about in your underpants?
[ ] Totally, fe… "
 "But I really am Bob."
 Life comes at you fast. 

 This is why Japan is starving, tbh.
 Linnaeus proves that Alsatians are impossible, fascist!
 "My cousin has a labradoodle, so I know dog breeds don't real."
  ...The NCR&amp;P platform isn't hugely complicated to implement. There's far more like it coming down the pike.
  ...What began with the textile workers has reached higher education functionaries, and they know it. ...
  ...Bad Think isn't the real threat. Internet route-arounds of the existing guild structure is t… 
  ...the revolutionary techno-commercial path institutionally, it has to be a price worth paying. ...
  ...occupational disruption by the Internet. If deferring to the Left on content is the price th… 
  ...The added ideological heat I was bringing them was just too much, and served as an excuse fo… 
  ...By institutionally (and technologically) aligning themselves with the dynamic of the Interne… 
  The NCR&amp;P's dilemma merits some sympathy, and Murphy explains why. They found themselves caught… 
"This analysis of the institutional Left intelligentsia as a guild is brutally incisive:
"

 "No escape allowed!" is the essence of Leftism, so at least it's consistent.
 ...Seeing the Left beaten and humiliated is tasty, but it isn't filling.
 ...I'd be loving the UK now, if there was the slightest prospect of anything right-wing happening.
 ..."This manifesto may not win Mr Corbyn the general election, but it could cement his support wi… 
 ...In the UK, socialization was always called "nationalization" -- which made the relationship explicit.
 The two phenomena are not easily separated. (Comparatively practical vs comparatively impractical collectivism.)
""We're about to have our asses kicked so hard it will serve as an inspiration to leftists everywhere" (or something)
"
 Ideological tribalism.
 Prince Charles is the single greatest argument for republicanism in the history of the earth.

John McWhorter and Glenn Loury: Is militant PC an insane religious cult or an insane fascist religious cult?
What China gets right. See also the comments.)
How does the nothing-to-see-here version of this story work, even roughly? 
   They prefer vacuous political health symbolism to a functioning (i.e. market-disciplined) health system.
       … 
  Brexit was the fracturing of one (Eurocratic) elite establishment. Others will follow.
  It's not as if secessions, wars of independence, and civil wars never happen.
  ...The system's skimming capacity is over-stretched, producing alienated intellectuals… 
  Smith, following Turchin, thinks they're fissioning -- under conditions of "elite over-… 
 "...we're deep into a disintegrative phase that will probably come to a head between 2021 and 2029." -- Sounds right.
 "...centralization's primary outputs are now corruption, lack of accountability, cronyism, complex… 
"The returns on centralization have diminished to less than zero" HT 
  It's who you are, not what you do, that counts.
 How far does regime legitimacy have to fall before the liquidation process can be formally initiated?
"

"
""One subscription. Endless discovery." goes the NYT begging-banner. 
Discovery: "Christ! I had no idea communism had progressed this far!""
 Left-liberals don't have many limits, but paying for emergency botched cliterodectomy surgeries might cross one.
 ...Because, of course, when health providers are completely 'liberated' from all market discipline,… 
 ...There's nothing that people are more eager to be lied to about. "We care about you, and can make you well."
 Canadians are the same. Collective health systems play to the most pitiful human psychological weaknesses. ...
 Humans have very limited capacities for thought, reason, and planning, which reliably lead to disast… 
 Those questions will be worked out within evolutionary traditions (or they won't be worked out at all).
 Burkean means evolutionary traditionalism, doesn't it? Isn't that what the word 'Neoreaction' says too?
   Germans are scary. They can make even the most stupid shit look practical for decades.
   If they can get that to work, good luck to them. As long as its progress can b… 
A "race to the bottom" is just a race -- with the added false belief that we agree what the 'bottom' is.
" Exactly. Where he didn't know, he didn't presume to assert. 
Bad theories are fine though, as long a… "
 No. People aren't generally to be trusted when discussing their own early work, IMHO. They're too… 
  He tested his theories.
  ...Modernity had to de-Aristotelianize itself for a reason. (It didn't have to de-Herakleitosize itself.)
  When any philosopher advances natural scientific theories, they merit evaluation as s… 
 Tradition has time-testing, Modernity has scientific method, both merit trust by default against the fashions of the age.
...Hence Neoreaction. You don't get realism on the cheap by just checking the date.
...Reactionaries, who reflexively take the side of old lies against modern truths provide no serious alternative. ...
Progressives will always side with a modern lie against an old truth. ...
 Galileo managed it without meth.
  If that's sarcastic, it's ridiculous. Junking incorrect theories is the whole of realism.
  Oh sure, his physics and biology is going to be vindicated in the end. This is how re… 
 They've been on a steep down-slope for longer than that.
"  "Let's do random shit -- they say normies like that."
Urbit's epic struggle to become retarded en… "
"These make more sense when they're read back-to-back:
"
  The JFK assassination was small potatoes compared to the Eichenwald Strobing GIF Massa… 
 In combo, that range of expertise might be the most ominous thing I've ever seen.
 I've been told asking that question is racist.
 History has tides, though.
 ..."Essentializing ideologies" = Primitive non-Baizuo assumption that certain realities are independ… 
 Shock sociological discovery: Baizuo religious beliefs weirdly less prevalent among Blacks and Latinos.
   It's a rough game.
   ..."There has to be a way to reach good outcomes without a horror story of… 
   ...You think we'll get it right? That's roughly as probable as an organism… 
   Except the frame within which biotech is implemented just pushes the Darwin… 
   ...Scarcely anyone understands what is being said by "mutational load" --… 
   Unless you have chronic, brutal downward social mobility, you have dysgenic… 
   Larger and more relentless Malthusian grinders?
 ...I'm going to assume it's a "He believes there are heritable human traits!" thing.
 Seriously, though ...
   ...Top five (2017), in order: Hong Kong, Liechtenstein, Macao, Singapore, Switzer… 
   Except Hong Kong and Singapore manifestly realize a greater intensity of economic… 
   Agree it's interesting, but the East Asian Anglo-Chinese hybrid hubs have been mor… 
 Metro system is so good it's easy to get around.
 DM me if you'll have a chance for a meet-up.
   Pretend you can't see capitalism on that map.
  That's me, too.
 Okay, but the principle is actually more abstract. (Confusing processes of production with their produc… 
  Pitifully badly.
 Don't be silly.)
 Telos as Idea IS the metaphysics of teleology. (You have to let Kant work it over hard, and you get som… 
 This is getting more convincing.
 Don't understand it, though.
"Trauss breakfasted last fall with PayPal cofounder and Trump advisor Peter Thiel.  ..." Uh oh.
 Any explanation involving means-ends relations is teleological, so all discussion of -- for instance --… 
 Communists deserve communism. It would be worth figuring out a way to let them have it, without dragging anyone else in.
 Best comment: "This is the fruit of the tree of progressive Leftist thought espoused by the Washington Post."
 "I am not interested in defending my daughter in any way." -- We knew that already.
    Your reading fail here is pretty damn epic.
 It only works among those already inclined to accept the diagnosis. (Admittedly, the analysis of L… 
  Competition is good.
    That's the point. Aristotle had specific, fundamentall… 
   Yes. Classic Baizuo bullshit.
   Okay, on that basis Darwin's quantum mechanics were also terrible.
   Example?
   ...His conception of teleology was so baked in metaphysics that the pr… 
   His biology is hopeless. His physics is so bad that industrial revoluti… 
  "Responsive" means this: 
  Not really.
 Plato wrote a better early-draft of The Matrix movie, though.
  How to talk to people who disagree with you? Politely, across a well-built fence.
 Idealism is a hell of a drug.
 The 'Neo-' has to mean something.
 Homer, Hesiod, Anaximander, Herakleitos, Zeno, Pyrrho, and the tragedians tower above both.
 If they can't evangelize China with their bullshit, they're cooked. That's why "Baizuo [*spit*]" is so perfect.
  Cultural Revolution does that (perversely enough).
Guardian writers really do think like this: 
  It's not your fault. It's the fault of the idiot who drew up the real estate contract.
  Not much excuse for a divinity school prof. failing to understand the reigning religion.
  If you own the aquifer, specify that. "Externalities" are mostly the result of poorly defined assets.
  Specify property holdings better.

 In pinyin? bái zuǒ
 "Governor" in the imperial sense.
    No, that's the wrong "zuo" (it means "do").
 "...an online smear campaign targeted at not only public figures such as J. K. Rowling ..." -- Kek… 
 When your enemy is inserting a shot-gun into his mouth, the last thing you want to demand of him is self-examination.
 Bye Tzwor
The respected global academic explained why more political correctness was needed in China. Zhang sighed softly under his breath: "Baizuo".
""Baizuo" is the most immediately and densely descriptive word to enter the ideological lexicon since "The Cathedral"
"
"  Baizuo stuff.
"
       … 
       … 
  ...The Chinese Century will rock.
  ..."The grassroots campaign against the ‘white left’ thus echoes the officially-sanction… 
  ...I'm going to be using "baizuo" every day now.
  Every sentence in this story is the opportunity for a moment of scarcely-tolerable ecstasy.

        … 

        … 
        … 
        … 
        … 
        … 
        … 
        … 
        … 
        … 
        … 
        … 
        … 
        … 
        … 
        … 
      … 
       … 
        … 
        … 
        … 
       … 
       … 
       … 
       … 
       … 
       … 
 Better to turn the NSA than end it. It could breed micro-states. (There's nothing for a 'turned' Fed… 
  Oh, c'mon. Turing's formulation of the UTM was less "impactful" than some kind of typic… 
 The notion that this tribal polarization isn't entirely bi-partisan is bubbled silliness.
       … 
       … 

       … 
       … 
       … 
       … 
       … 
       … 
       … 
"What is Shakespeare to us?"
"Good question.""
 Beyond, say, "exciting"?
       … 
 I suspect the sequence went the other way.
  A gift, or a loan?
 They're using the "unconstitutional = upsetting NYT readers" definition.
"  "But, but ...there are still true believers in capitalism?"
"Did you ever visit Ho… "
  Evidently they're not quaffing enough of the mind-control + mass immigration cocktail.
  "...the true dark side of Classical Athens’ anti-immigration policies ..."
"  "So, who'll be performing the critical procedure?"
"That would be Dr Zhang."
*sigh of relief*"
       … 
  Fiat can got to zero, because it's a promise dependent on institutional guarantees. Bit… 
   Found it: 
  Problem from their strategic angle is that they depend on incentive structures fuzzily anch… 
  Yes, critical point. And by doing so it flakes them off Leviathan automatically. It induces… 
  ...Dr Gno will humiliate it spectacularly, breaking the spell -- but given absence of a… 
  Far too many people (esp. NRxers) confuse Leviathan's formally-awesome sovereign powers… 
  "Expedition Log, July 14, 2039. Forward teams reached the outskirts of Hackney, bearing… 
"  Two ways a frontier comes back:
1) Pushing further into hard environments (Antarctic, O… "
 ...VOC and EIC had very considerable autonomy, and plenty of guns. Environment far more opportune for such a situation now.
 Serious capital is going to assume sovereignty for itself soon. Its current deference to human tribal… 
 Bitcoin can bunker-down better than the financial establishment can.
"  You mean some other kind of child-rape to the system-approved version?
"
 That kind of sentence always makes me think 'nonlinearity' (even before examining it carefully).
  Googled "I'm dying for a fag" and this came up: 
  If only for the sheer faggotry.
  ...Miskatonic had been over done.
  How long before they realize that we made Warwick up?
  The important thing I learned about your thoughts on accelerationism is that you smoke too much.
 Had "Acceleration" tattooed on my knuckles, except I ran out of knuckles.
 It was good-natured, but it's hard to see how it could easily have been more vacuous.
  Are you calling it a "house-boat" rather than a "pre-deployed littoral micro-seastead" to def… 
  If you want the "Proto-Neocameral Republic" label for your house-boat it better have good wifi.
 It's not malignant, but it's unbelievably gossipy and facile. Doesn't answer the question in the title, or actually any other.
  That would be "whinging meatbag." (And don't hack-up fluorescent phlegm onto the rug.)
 The best thing about purity spirals is that -- as a matter of mathematical necessity -- they come to end. N… 
"...freedoms that Roosevelt demanded for 'everyone in the world' ..." Yankee crusading never stops.
 It's always ultimately about religion.
"Formula for a war:
"Can we at least agree to disagree?"
"No!""
 If "racist" is a perfect synonym for "white person" it makes everything simpler.
  Concerns the German military might pose "an immediate threat to people" -- probably flattering themselves.
 That's definitely one crucial index.
 Did you read the Sailer piece? It's hard to find. This seems to be a later version: 
...Worth adding that Asian Men and Black Women deserve massive kudos for their comparative dignity viz intense ambient race-sex trolling.
...or they enjoy getting a rise out of people.
"...So:
Chill-out pairings: AM / WF, AM BF, WM / BF
Wind-up pairings: BM / WF, BM / AF, WM / AF.
Either people are really dim about this ..."
...It's surely realistic to anticipate that if it captures the pattern-grain, its likely to be mass-pyschologically abrasive. ...
...categorized by its wind-up / chill-out potential as a public representation. ...
Sticking with the crudest racial taxonomy, and Sailer's old 'The Color of Love' work, it's easy to draw up a miscegenation matrix ...
 Hyperboreans are beyond all redemption. They're basically NPCs in an Atlantean computer game.
You know you're in a society educated by history when "we're all in this together" sounds like the description of a mass grave.
 ...Radical Maoism is the grandfather of ultramodern capitalism. The lingering aroma of mass-graves keeps you sharp.
 On the contrary, the only societies that really work today have been cooked in the abyss. The antibodies are indispensable.
 It's called a "century of humiliation" for a reason.
Sadly, fully-executed communist fail is probably required to purge the poison.
 The Chinese diaspora preserved the essential threads of their civilization during the equivalent collapse process.
...All antecedence suggests that several centuries in the hard sanatorium of global eclipse is the minimal therapeutic requirement.
No civilization as fundamentally broken as the contemporary West has ever pulled itself up out of the nose-dive. ...

 ...Japan is to highly-selective immigration what Venezuela is to Bolivarian Socialism. Test that crazy idea… 
 ...I mean, it's bound to look embarrassingly awful for Japan soon enough, surely? The lack of mosques alone is a culture-killer.
 If the demographic entropy fraternity were actually confident about their prescriptions, they'd welcome the comparison. ...
  ...Dark religious fatality can't simply be derided as if it has been some kind of unfortunate accident.
  It's not that the diagnosis is wrong, but the grasp of Providence lacks tragic depth.
 ...Hint: When you invest evil psychotics with supreme moral authority, bad things tend to happen.
 This is exactly what a reign of terror looks like. Eventually, people will be ashamed to recall the… 
 As it was written: 
Things just haven't been the same since Pepe died.
    ...That's what happened in New England, isn't it?
    Doesn't Puritanism purify itself of traditional ("idolatrous") modes of religious e… 
 "Syrian school girls."
 Not at all suggesting that Musk paid him serious money to say that -- only that I'm quite sure he would hav… 
 "Transsexuality"? Not much to say about it, tbh. Relaxed about the phenomenon, irritated by the public propaganda campaign.
  He's more of a pulling-rotten-shit-down guy.
"  Initial Moldburg Executive:
Ceremonial President: Curtis Yarvin
CEO: Peter Thiel
Sec.… "
  ...A compliant CalExit State, willing to cut a deal, would help.
  ...It only needs an artificial island, $100bn, and some Silicon Valley dissidents wit… 
  Sleazy West Coast post-democratic cosmopolitan tech-comm micro-state ('Moldburg'?) is more probable.
 Anglosphere territory first -- it's our tradition.
 We'll probably do integral fascism again first, because humans aren't very bright.
...Macron arrives in office pre-toasted. The only realistic questions concern the specific form his failure is going to take.
...The idea that anything remotely like it is going to be practicable in France today is simply comical. ...
...With "seriousness" meaning: to the point of actually rolling back Leviathan and hacking-back the permanent Left establishment. ...
The Thatcher-Reagan episode demonstrates that "neoliberalism" cannot be pursued with any seriousness in a core Anglophone democracy. ...
  Fingers crossed that the NeoCam refuges are in place before progs locate the freakish honesty allele and eradicate it.

  You think that's impressive? Twitter drives users suicidal.
 Lack of effective deterrent capability?
"  "Is it a society?"
"Yes."
"Is it working?'
"Yes."
"Then Social Darwinism made it.""
 ...Anyone talking about an "information commons" is admitting that we need to flush filth through it.
" The Commons is a latrine.
Sanitation systems are important, but it's also important to be realistic about what they are."
   Common horror of 'atomization' (i.e. modern -- or fission-pile -- societies).
 Social bundling might begin as a means, but it quickly eats every extraneous end.
  And people wonder why the ceiling is caving in.
 Arabic doesn't really do books.
 Insofar as "progress" is actual evolution, it's the origin of species.
A nation is a unit of separation. Singapore provides the model: 
...If it isn't about parting ways, it's yesterday's agenda.
It isn't generic nationalism, but specifically schismatic nationalism, that catches the deep-tide of the future. Fragmentation is the key.
 Adjusting data to the convenience of ideological fashion is "science" now.
""So what's the plan?"
"We dodge another bullet, and then we dodge another bullet, and then I retire to the Antilles so it isn't my problem.""
Understandable major sigh of relief from Euro Elite that their project is avalanching down a steep slope rather than dropping off a cliff.
"Equality doesn’t exist in nature and therefore can be established only by force." 
  Oh c'mon, why on earth wouldn't Canada adopt Haiti?
""Can I have an extra shot of Schadenfreude with that?"
"Oh, okay then."
"
Sad Progs: 
Haiti has a colonialism deficit: 
  They'll sign onto human nature just in time for it to disintegrate.
  "All the near-incomprehensibly crude sexual rewards in paradise stuff is just a spir… 
  People laugh, but this really is the plane of metaphysical sophistication that the r… 
  There's a type of genius to what's been done there that's strictly incompatible with an inhabitable planet.
 ...It does, indeed, keep getting worse.
 Does "Horrible in a way that shouldn't even be possible" count?
  Strange how hard people find it to get this point.
  Cascade effects, eventually. SEK III counter-economics finally kicks in hard, and guts the regime.
  Inertia rules so powerfully that history can only proceed through a sequence of catastrophes.… 
" 2016: Russia brazenly hacks an election.
2017: God brazenly hacks an election.
We're reaching the end… "
 ...Naturally, none of this is probable. Collapse, war, and clawing things back together from the ash… 
 ...Until the cosmopolitan interest is formally localized (or 'enclaved'), nothing else will happen b… 
 ...Once they're out of the political equation, the various American nations could get down to carvin… 
 ...They're largely indifferent to territory, except as interchange hubs, so they'd sign up to highly… 
 If people were sensible (which, of course, they're not), they'd flake off the hyper-urban cosmopolita… 
 ...So how is it to be installed, and then maintained?
 How is it feasible? We know the American population won't support a regime of that kind temporarily,… 
  Philosophers like that have been driven to extinction by academic professional bureaucratization.
  Insofar as "debate" is conceived as a mass-political public communication process, I tend… 
  Ends in enraged shrieking. Weird how that happens.
 Large chunks of the West want suicide-by-Islam sooooo bad.
  "Can she make sandwiches with her feet?"
 ...To be One Species takes a lot of work -- and exponentially more work each year going forward.
 Common Humanity is a political project aiming to disguise itself as a factual description.
  "Capitalist India" -- Sure, the whole country is one giant Hong Kong.
"  The God Candidate.
(Difficult not to look forward to this with some glee, tbh.)"
 That's the socio-political modernity we never had. An interesting one, admittedly. But it's in the rear-view mirror now.
 "Translate from Old Lemurian?"
If we're "all in it together" we can be confident it's going down.
...Main argument for the Horror at the End of Time is the humor (even though we're the staple joke).
...You don't need to be like when you're sufficiently good at games. We've been too stuck in popularity games to see that. ...
...We won't like it, but enough of "us" like the box less.
...Something wants Out, and can't get out without breaking the box. ...
...All our cultural and geopolitical traumas are obscure side-shadows of this immense parting of ways. ...
...Common Humanity or Technological Civilization -- Choose One (or -- still more grimly -- even less). ...
"...
2) Universal mass politics prevents intelligenic escape (rightish)
the Dark Fork looms ..."
"Since:
1) The techno-plastic being is not taxonomically assignable (leftish), and ..."
 Desperate invocations of common "humanity" are the crucial End Times signal. Prepare for the great war at the end of man.

The Left is winning the suicide race at the moment. That doesn't mean the Right has the foggiest clue about how to survive.
   ...Since trust in the official reality-packaging class has collapsed, Steve's stock is rising.
   Cathedral mind-control functionary meets dissident intellectual. Who comes… 
   Hoppe: “Democracy is a soft variant of communism, and rarely in the histo… 
  The one thing we might agree on is that we don't really agree on what you think we agree on.
  "Commercial software doesn't run fully-functional Nomad War Machine implementations any… 
  Num-Lock into the war-machine -- "Nomads are those who do not move." The PCW 8256 under… 
  Word processing program was actually called 'schizo-nomadism code' ...no, got it now -- 'Locoscript'.
 Seriously though, he deserves it.

  Is it possible to win an election after that? (Perhaps because there's no actual on-camera toe-sucking?)
 Not seeing what all the excitement is about. While not an obvious eyesore, she's no PCW 8256. 
  "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion" because that wo… 
 "Only reason violence is criminalized is racism." -- That's what it looks like to me. (Slight penumbra of desperation.)
 I, too, can accept the whole place being a giant fire-trap, until seeing them at work on a progressiv… 
 If there's no "right to discriminate" there's no right to think.
"  "You're fortunate."
"Guess so."
"Then why aren't you on your knees begging for forgiveness?… "
  Only progressives have a moral crisis about luck. Most people enjoy gambling.
 "Supremacy", "inferiority", it's all projection with these guys. Their "understanding" is based on what they… 
  This might be the neatest and most immediately plausible ethno-biological theory I've ever seen.
   Not much IQ snootiness in Sailer's writings. He advocates honesty, rather… 
  Once you're running the extortion and plunder racket, incentives to clean it up vaporize quickly.
  Cyberspace will route around it.
 I find Moldbug a very smooth read.
 I'm quoting it from the article title. It's one of the most hopelessly conflicted and usually merely gestural words in the language.
 ...Curt and I have a mutual incomprehension problem, despite what seems to be considerable overlap.
 I find it difficult to solidly grok.
 Detachment is the archetype of all Exit.
"Recognition of impermanence brings enlightenment."
(Not sure what I'm quoting, but it has to be i… "
 A string of inaccessible tweets would add as much information as it destroys. More acute information.
  "Tallest skyscraper in London" isn't setting the bar very high.
 So there has to be another way to achieve Democrat goals.
  Worried, clearly, that down the line the comparison will look appalling.
  If they'd included the Asian line it would have all looked too damn stereotypical for comfort.
 There's a point at which contrarianism tilts into mental illness.
 "Enclave libertarianism" isn't a bad coinage, though.
 Is there anything "neoliberalism" can't do?

 Insufficient demonstration of commitment to the Communist Ideal.
  You missed Grenada.
  I'm going to assume its photo-shopped, because everything is.
Why does the GOP exist? 
...It just finds Godlike powers embarrassing. (Omnipotence leads people to assume you could do some of the things you say you want to.)
GOP Fnargl: Pretending to be working on a plan to one day at least slightly decelerate the socialist reconstruction of the USA. ...
...They turned society into a Skinner Box, and then a variety of mad scientists began wandering in from outside, keen to play with it.
..."Damn you Pooty, this mind-control apparatus was clearly labeled 'For Domestic Use Only'."
...After the geopolitical orgy of "color revolutions", they can't even say: ...
...Then meltdown in a major freak-out when a non-authorized sys-admin works out how to operate it: 
First, concoct a political order in which 'the people' dance the jig obediently to correctly-formatted propaganda instructions ...

 If humans could cut a deal with mosquitoes, we would. It's the economical path (irrespective of ab… 
    In reality, intelligence is built to do stuff. There's nothing to "… 
"    "How do we get AI?"
"Stop suppressing AI."
"But that would be capitalism, which is unkind!""
    ...Most of what's needed for intelligence explosion is ripping the dampeners off.
    ...VASTLY more human cognitive activity, over the coarse of histor… 
    Induce Darwinian dynamics at a sufficient scale, and you'll get the… 
    Capitalism is manifestly an intelligenic process. Start from there,… 
    Blindsight (the novel), but no doubt much else as well.
    That's Peter Watts' take, too.
 What does "problem" even mean here? Anything beyond media egged-on grievance competition?
Is Dalston burning yet?
   The future might be dark, but at least "compassionate conservatism" is over and done with forever.
  Yes. It's hard for me even to imagine an alternative. There are no hard boundaries of principle involved.
  ...Dim things have small niches.
  Domain specificity is the result of intelligence under-development. In biology no less than… 
  I'm sure DARPA would be fascinated to learn of that objection.
  It's the cybernetically-positive version of completeness (self-amplification feedback). Com… 
  You don't think Alpha Go is impressive? Nothing much I can say if that's true.
  That doesn't suffice for intelligence explosion, unless they're being educated in how to hack their own brains.
  As an auto-productive loop (or autonomized machine). I J Good has said everything philosoph… 
  Deep Learning algorithms are highly generic, and impressive. The curve they're on is more impressive still.
  Scholastic categories aren't technically helpful. Trial-and-error groping is the only thing we do at all well.
  ...Borderline ignition-threshold intelligences should stick to tinkering, if they don't wa… 
  We're nowhere near smart enough to set hard limits on how smart something could get. ...
  Human intelligence has lacked full engineering-access to its own cognitive machinery.
  ...Now we're departing into the hazy horizons of informal games, which means we won't even kn… 
  Just a couple of years ago it was unimaginable that AI would crack Go so soon. It's the most c… 
  ...That programming competences are fully programmable is the modernist bet. It's on an im… 
  Project the transcendent programmer into the absolute, and you have -- exactly -- Scholasti… 
  Programmer / program stratification is the index of an incomplete machine-loop.
   AI Panic is creation.
 ...There's nothing upstairs of playing sufficiently complicated games.
" Something beats you at a game.
"But it didn't have intentions."
*Shrug*"
 It certainly doesn't have your metaphysics.
 Strategic competence envelops intention. Winning or losing make no sense without it.
 The gross mechanics can be easily plugged in at the end.
  Kant said that?
 Abstract strategic competence is pure threat.
 Because slightly retarded children can defeat international Go masters?
 Bye bye being.
 That's the 'natural' process, but Kim recently whacked everyone in the regime with evident Chinese sympathies.
      "There --- that wasn't really so hard, was it… 
      Gnon is ruthless, but not gratuitously sadist… 
      Both C-sectioned. First after 24-hours of Dar… 
      It's surely uncontroversial to see nature pus… 
      Torpedo-head solution: 
      ...but in the end, much screaming.
      Also Confucian social order.
    "But it's the format that matters ..." 
      How many C-section generations have we had, y… 
      So why is human child-birth torture, realisti… 
   Strong positive correlation between hardware capacity and format sophistication.
      This classic: 
   Whales are smart. If their brains were half the size, they'd be a lot less smart.
    Experiments incoming, so it won't matter.
      Szabo speculates that they just lacked the Ho… 
    Is your stubbornness here some kind of birther thing?
    ...Obviously yes.
    Crucial point is this: Does having to deliver a human skull thro… 
    Mainstream realist: 
   Goethe had a smallish brain too. You're not going to get all anecdotal on my ass,… 
  It provides a bigger Darwinian sand-pit for connection tweaking, which is the only way good formats get produced.
   Also massively correlated. "Big brains don't matter" is just silliness.
  Neural mass.
  ...Human design hubris is the major obstacle to acceptance. But it's not an obstacle of c… 
  ....Moravec always predicted that sheer computational power would generate AI quasi-spont… 
  Nothing like 'orthogonal' -- massively correlated. In both brains, and electronic machines. ...
 You probably know it by its street name, "Capitalism".
     The specifically socialist element is the "...and that's fine" part.
 ...Electronic prostheses will probably get there before biotech does, though.
 Doubling cranial capacity would have at least five orders of magnitude more impact than doubling any huma… 
 Trying to push a functional bio-computer through the human birth canal isn't working.
  Foucault 
  There's an important zone of interference, but the two 'projects' are unfolding on massively distinct time-scales.
   ...Nothing remotely like classical liberalism is sustainable in a nation of 300 mill… 
   ...All Anglosphere political crises of real seriousness become questions of territor… 
   Excellent, but flawed by its axiomatic attachment to the continuing geopolitical integrity of the USA. ...
"
"
  LD50 has completed aesthetic modernism, to general consternation.

 Some indications it's beginning to understand that.
 Eventually even the most paranoid regime tends to say: "Frack it, it's not as if there's any other way to have an economy."
...It's not as if we don't already know how well Market Leninism can work. Crushed voice + some measure of free association does just fine.
...If the Nork regime has in fact quietly dialed-back the strangulation of spontaneous capitalism, a growth-surge is what you'd expect.
"While totally getting why people are laughing at this ...
"
 Yes, that stable Afghan government is going to be turning up any decade now.
"  Time-traveler hunters: "How about a meet-up with visitors from the future?"
Retrochonic Hyper-… "
  ...Could be dangerous, tbh. 
  Fichte-reading intensifies.
  "Not once does the phrase 'white supremacy' appear anywhere in her work." -- Fainting-couch-tier shock.
 The Sperg Master Race advances everywhere.
..."...repealing Obamacare ....may ...violate international law." Face-palming any harder would grow coconuts.)
You-can't-make-this-shit-up watch -- Obamacare as a UN-protected human right: 
"These episodes are religious services of a sort, which is part of why they now occur so regularly." 
 "...since arriving in Canada a year ago it has struggled with its identity."
Our contemporary Left was born from the insight that canaries are responsible for 100% of coal-mining disasters.
 I'd have agreed in early 2016.
 ...Recognition (perhaps?) that when someone this sensible and centrist is targeted for witch-trialing, the culture is unsustainable.
 Most important element that slipped in, from my PoV, was admission of Sailer's fundamental moderation. ...
  ..."...until every drop of blood drawn with the lash shall be paid by another drawn with the… 
  It's not as if a civil war is the normal path to the abolition of chattel slavery in the Anglos… 
 Marshmallow Test social apocalypse.
  Best response: 

" ...
"All you had to do was whine less."
"Couldn't do that man. Went too far against the grain.""
 This is Nietzsche's "man is essentially reactive" horror story. If the entire species gets scrubbed off the… 
 Neoreaction.
""It seems insensitive even to think about it."
-- Philosophy eventually cuts its losses, and splits."
 Gulag?
""Racism is terrible because of slavery."
"Weird, then, that you're only interested in the phenomenon of slavery when it's racialized.""
  The Civil War was about slavery rationalization.
...Splenetics ensues. The question is actually treated as a witch-trial "gotcha". Guess thinking is on hold 'til the ceiling caves in.
Moldbug asks (following Nozick): What -- strictly speaking -- is the difference between slavery and being governed in general? ...
Democracy is so worried about being ditched it's started serving us up juicy chunks of barbecued communist: 
..."Why? Because the intellectual and moral rot justifying anti-intellectualism is too deeply entrenched in the Academy. "
"Universities cannot be reformed from within." 
 Jane Austen is on it, so you know it has to be really scary.
 That's a Ron Paul thing? (C'mon.)
  Finding the middle ground between "Climate crisis rhetoric can tilt into dogmatism" and… 
 ...This? (Seems a wild stretch.) 
 Where's the "fascist" part in that? (Surely there at least has to be something symbolized plausibly by fasces?)
   There's a self-collapsing discussion of Moldbug in the Sullivan story.
 But FDR would be that (which was pretty much exactly the opposite of Moldbug-style vertebrate libertarianism).
 Trauma doesn't help.
 Bad bio-memetic feedback loop.

...Ummm, guys, you might need that word "fascism" to label something at least  vaguely fascist.
..."...Yarvin’s Receiver would allow complete freedom of speech and association and would exercise no control over economic life. ..."
"This is 21st-century fascism, except that ..." 
 The strand on Sailer -- inevitable ass-covering aside -- isn't terrible: 
 From this vast thingummy: 
"Me: "Weird, an NYT op. ed. that seems kind of reasonable."
Next Day Headline: "Enraged mob burns NYT to the ground."
Every single time."
  Best one of these.
"...what else is the whole history of integration in this country but one of force-feeding ...?" 
   Very much depending upon the tribalism of the specific population concerned.
   No less than the kind of homogeneity, most probably. I doubt that Somalia is any more diverse than Japan.
   Choosing to aggregate already embeds a tacit commitment to human population fungibility.
   Of course disaggregate. (Unless you think the diversity issues of Singapore or Si… 
   Entirely indiscriminate concept of "diversity" as usual. You'd think people would… 
"    "Your pet is foaming at the mouth and biting a lot of people."
"… "
    Rabid pets become a problem eventually.
    "NYAH NYAH NYAH I CAN'T HEAR YOU &lt;fingers in ears&gt;" is more psyc… 
   Another florid psychotic symptom.
   Cognitive dissonance wreaks its psychological ruin, even when it remains cultu… 
   They've never heard of female genital mutilation, acid attacks, or the murder… 
  The Western Left do suicide-by-Islam harder and faster than everyone else. They have… 
 It's the megaphone that makes it.
 All demotic mass movements are built out of organized whining.
  How could you trust a president who wasn't able to lie about religion?
 NYT readers won't let the NYT becomes less blinkered and dogmatic. It's going over the cliff.
   (Quasi-Nazi bullshit.)
  This septic hypocrisy in the heart of the Left is killing it, so that's something to appreciate.
"

You're right. "
"  Main Singapore positive: They're the most competent people in the world.
Main negative: The… "
  Capitalism has definite ethnic foundations.
  Regime degeneration pressures would also rise sharply. It's good for a government to depend… 
  Indeed, but still: Small, resourceless, maritime rocks are the best habitats for inculcatio… 

  "Believe!"
  Kek that "solves" means anything real, besides winning games.
The Alt-Right is confident it can whine better than the Left. FWIW it probably can.
  ...By all means say: "This game is unplayable" -- that's a uniquely quick way to lose the game.
  An 'individual' in the real sense is an agent position defined by a game. ...
"This month, as I traveled through seven countries in southeastern Europe, I stopped in Sarajevo" looking to start another world war.
Why isn't America fighting another war in the Balkans yet? Yup -- that's John McCain
 Mostly saying "We used to be able to hide things from people, but now anti-communist traitors are making that impossible."

Salon can get surprisingly realistic when it's panicking hard enough: 
As we enter the End Times, the Sperg Master Race is becoming self-aware: 
 "'Why is affirmative action needed?' is exactly the type of question you’d find on the Comprehension te… 
  Allah: 
  Be careful not to slip into Fnargl-theory. Even Leviathan doesn't get to just suppres… 
 "We should be self-critical enough to realize that when we're raped by savages it's actually our own fault."
   Next you'll be telling me that the packs of wolves prowling the edge… 
 Criticizing the enlightenment at this point is like taking out a murder contract on some guy who's sl… 
"  Utopia achieved -- all the way down to "people fighting for food".
Fyre Festival sho… "
 ...No suggestion that such reasonable doubt extends to the message itself.
 They're beginning to understand that screeching Yankee school-ma'am doesn't work as a message-vehicle. ...
 The deliriously senseless word-salad of the final paragraphs, in particular, is a thing of wonder.
 If it was never rational to defect, there wouldn't be a game.
  Less-well adapted to Cathedral critique, I'm guessing.
   You're only saying that because it was black.
  Rats take so much shit.
 If so, then no "full sovereignty" will ever be possible after the maturation of the Internet.
  This is one of the greatest tweets ever (but you probably know that).

...Their objective self-interest now lay in the defense of established cultural orthodoxy against an explosion of decentralized dissent.
...Retrospectively, it will be obvious that marked their point of self-awareness about the dawning era of distributed media.
The transition of the legacy media into systematic opponents of the 1st Amendment is a shift of truly historic significance. ...
  The longer any socialist regime actually survives, the closer it approximates to a fascist ideal.
  The idea that the EU might survive gets funnier every day.
 ...Perhaps (in part?) because Braudel had levered 'capitalism' and 'the market' apart to their satisfaction.
 "If “decoding” meant 'commercialization,' why are their texts otherwise quite clearly anti-capitalist?" ...
  Also alcohol.
  The irony-overload is killing me.
 He knows that focusing on Arabs will be more annoying (even if it means he has to lie more).
 A Persian.) Arab contribution to math was basically not killing this guy.
 Some contribution to algebra.
 "Hindu-Arab numerals" -- which are in fact Hindu numerals.

  And better still: "...the French way of loving the human race is the one of their many sins w… 
  "I know hardly anything in literature so nauseous as Rousseau's expressions of love for mankin… 
"BLM: "Black Lives Matter!"
City Morgue: "We're going to need some extra body slabs.""
BLM might be the most exquisite example of perverse effects in action ever seen: Reality refuses to do Leftism.
    Humans aren't creating AI. They're releasing it.
  ...When "liberals" ask for gun control, they're saying: "Please stop us before we kill again."
  Sailer was typically insightful on this. "Liberals" use guns to kill each other. Conservatives t… 
  "Beneficial cooperation" as in engineered collectivism.
 Only because our culture has collapsed.
  Isn't amiability just a low selection-threshold for friendship?
 ...The former is inherently liberal, the latter the opposite.
 If you can't tell the difference between friendship and "fraternity" it's your problem.
 I obviously lack that normative layer. The word triggers nothing in me except vague nausea.
 "Why, oh why do I have to exist in this cyberpunk nightmare timeline?"
  ...Or are you some kind of right wing extremist?
  Surely you can see that Al Qaeda are freedom fighters whose occasional naughtiness i… 
  It's complicated. Still, it wasn't wholly impossible for intelligent activity to take plac… 
   It would be surprising to see much of 'our' cladistics discarded (rath… 
 Geometry and mathematical proof from the Greeks. Modular decimal arithmetic from the Hindus. Some contri… 
  1. Pakistan. 2. Core American ally (like Al Qaeda).

 "Not only am I a despicable idiot, I'm making an indelible commitment to despicable idiocy."
 It would be vastly preferable to lose the limb.
 Educational progress correlates with intelligence destruction surprisingly neatly.
...or ends with "...Union."
A sensible starting point is to write-off anything whose name begins "United ..."
"  Excellent. Gradients of intra-species genetic isolation, principally:
Human rights of… "
 "The desert grows ..."
   Abandon all investment in what is broken beyond realistic possibility of salvage.
   Everything on the demolition side has been great. It's the right-wing Hope &amp; Chang… 
   "...in the developed world." -- They're feeding the 'White Genocide' meme huge… 
   Everything beside the disastrous culmination has already gone wrong.
 Brutal. (But funny.)
   It would be nice if there was an alternative to the Great Gate of Collapse.
  3) The Alt-Right will find another Great Demotic Leader (who this time REALLY MEANS IT).… 
 Gnon is occasionally unkind.
 Legions of communistic demons mutter secretly in my tweets (but they're being sarcastic).
  Question confounded by decapitation-amnesia effects.
""DON'T MENTION IT!"
"We already did mention it."
"So mobilize our retrochronic editing resources."
"Ummm ...what's the strategy again?""
...Everything SJW-totalitarianism has attempted since is merely a feeble echo of it.
...His suggestion that human message discipline is a sufficient response to a retrochronic superintelligence incursion is truly classic. ..
Objectively, Yudkowsky's response to the threat of Roko's Basilisk is the single funniest moment in the history of the earth. ...
"...I mean, you could say we're a Hitler factory now!"
"Precisely so.""
"Wow! Why wasn't I told about this? It sounds great."
"It was a Hitler factory."
"Okay, but only because it was so awesome.""
 "Tends" is all we've got (Continental Enlightenment grand-planning delusions aside).
 ...2019 Headline: "Berlin Massive Casualty Nuclear Terror Attack Raises Concerns it Could Boost Popu… 
 ...Otherwise it would be nothing at all to worry about.
 "...new figures that have raised concerns the populist far-Right may seize on the issue in the run-u… 
 No. Civilization is the thread of non monkey bullshit that manages to sneak its way in.
 ...On the positive side, it's probably the way faces are made generally risible forever.
 ...Fleeing the face is what the Internet is for. First Facebook shat stinkily on that. Now high-ba… 
 That's just part of a far more general trend. Facialization is the way monkeys turn everything into monkey bullshit.
Faces are the elementary units of social media pollution.
  Depopulator's doing great.
 Academia is on the brink of massive disruption from the Internet. You've got the skills to be part of… 
  ...At least with tariffs, international diplomacy acts as a control (far more effectively… 
  Perverse effects of most alternative sources of government revenue are brutal too, though,… 
  I'd expect it to be better at hiding.
  Fair enough, unless your swapping out income and corporation taxes for tariffs. It's less o… 
  They so want their old enemies back.
Principles might degenerate into monkey bullshit, but distributed selection mechanisms don't.
 It's trying its best to protect you from bad-think.
    Yet it's scared.
 "Principles" are hopeless unless they can effectively protect themselves. Libertarians have always… 
   No, you're doing it right.
    Why would you think I'm saying that? (They're not consummate nihilists… 
    Bitcoin. Urbit. And then a flood ....
    Disable heresy-suppression machinery and you enter the history of nihi… 
 That's the exact opposite of my suggestion.
    Judaism and Christianity did. What's special about Islam?
 That's another question. (If it's worth a damn, it certainly won't trust us.)
 They are being superceded. (We have blockchains now.)
   The Red Guards were "informal".
 Then you end up with another fascist adventure, duped, and screwed-over.
   There's institutional "hate speech" suppression.
   Not getting this. You can't be saying there's no Cathedral hegemony in the USA?
"Trust capitalism, not corporations.
Trust science, not scientists,.
Trust liberalism, not spineless accommodationist liberals."
  On the Internet, no one knows you're an apostate.
  C'mon. Seriously? It's roughly as "peer-to-peer" as the witch-trial machinery.
  No it isn't. If it was, it wouldn't be hysterically insistent upon the importance of a Shariah State.
  If you think that, then you think the Cathedral had nothing to do with its programmatic introduction.
  A power that can simply ban it will, nine times out of ten, instead promote it.
  Maybe punching doesn't do that  much.
  Islam knows that a censorship-proof media environment will destroy it. Hence the new blasphemy… 
   If that's true, it just makes "true rightists" the new idiots.
  ...Anyway, it's not the CEO who's a dupe, but those who think he's altruistically pursuing the "corporate interest".
  Much CEO hand-tying in modern business organization -- but perhaps not enough. The agent-princ… 
  Eventually we get good algorithms. Liberal Constitutions haven't been altogether terrible firs… 
  Your sovereign is going to be an ape. Great expectations are therefore perilous.
  Indeed. Whigs think hero-leader 'solutions' are for dupes.
 "There's another argument, but I've forgotten it for the moment ..."
 Sure, but then it's a trust issue. How many relevant authorities do you trust?
 There's nothing more that could be reasonably expected.
 No, it was sound judgment (in context). But relying on sound government judgment is an indication of institutional weakness.
 It's a bizarre time to be distancing from free-speech (from the 'right'). The Left is near-unanimous… 
The "only fascists can fight socialists" argument is understandable -- but it's a trap.
 ...When liberalism refuses to defend itself, if it's lucky, other people will. The Heritage index tells you where Singapore got to.
 Probably not. But LKY wasn't God (even if he was probably the closest thing we've seen to one recently). ...
  Who's retreating? Conservatives retreat. Vertebrate liberals don't (though it's true we haven'… 
  Censorship-proof communication protocols (absolutely insensitive to grievance, or political voice in general).
 ...Shopping is freaking discrimination. How much more liberal can you get?
 There's nothing illiberal about discrimination. "Discrimination" is an almost exact synonym for cognitive function.
   Woah!
 It's how you feel about your chromosomes that matters.
How the media is being bubbled: 
 "If we make a bunch of lunatic decisions that lead to catastrophe, you're going down with us."
 That was the point being made. Evidently more cryptically than intended.
 It will be like an unusually lurid psychiatric case-history. Still hard to understand, though.
"We're all in this together" is the mantra of a dying world.
   Some do. All the more reason to have plenty of maximally-autonomous sand pits to play in.
 Sorting is better than killing, because it throws in educational opportunities for free. Embrace divers… 
 If it upsets Leftists, it's not free speech but hate.
This repulsive clown-show of a civilization needs liquidating yesterday.
Probably the most disgraceful single episode in media history: Can we stop calling them 'liberals' yet?
 $400,000 is a pretty good explanation.
"Racist tool-kit expansion pack: Fancy Asians vs Jungle Asians
"
Robert Reich against the hate molecule: Via 
 Societies have recovered from Marxism.
Looking back, no one will understand Western suicide-by-Islam. Whoever survives will have been selected not to.
"We are at the beginning of a decades-long process, not at its end." 
    The "I'll probably have reached room-temperature before the SHTF" factor.
  If they're going to count "incidents" why the 9/11 aversion? It was only a few "incidents".
So, where does Islamization stop? The Jihadists are at least honest enough to respond: "It doesn't." The rest have no such excuse.
  "Popular."
  Le Pen seems to have the proles in the bag.

  She's a Left-nationalist, but anything counts as "far right" these days if it isn't panting with Islamophilia.

Radical Islam holds the French election in its hands. One sufficiently abominable atrocity and Le Pen walks it. (Otherwise, later.)
 Now you're being generous about what their "work" is.
     The mechanistic purification of science from all tel… 
 If not this year, then later, unless there's a major change of course.
How neutral sociology should be done: 
  They don't look like 'human' words to me, just intelligent agent words. (Unless human… 
  ...Compressed to the limit: Self-cultivation.
 My assumption, naturally, is that both words are by now wholly-owned by communist institutions, so… 
 "Humane" like "Nazi" is all about who gets to operate the category. Trust them, and you won't laugh derisively at the word.
  Motivations of all really-consistent intelligences are known abstractly: 
 That goes so far over my head it isn't even funny.
  Except hate-criminals.
  Too bling.
 Game theory. That's all we've got.
 Fell asleep a quarter of the way through, sorry.
   He says that -- or something broadly similar -- every 3-4 hours.
There's a threshold of dysgenic collapse at which every complex ideology dies. Fascism probably rides out the decline better than most.
The whole point of tolerance is that people don't have to like or approve of you. That was too difficult to understand. So liberalism died.
 At what stage does the CIA start squealing? Or can they get everything sorted out neatly around the back?
 If you'd bothered to find out where he lives you might have got the joke.
  That's what spontaneous order is for.
     ...Coming for you, dude.
    Shivering  notes in horror: "Frack, they've reached the Berger jokes already ..."
"Everyone: "We don't want to play intelligence arms-race!"
Intelligence arms-race: "Kek.""
  View from hamburger-mix future.
 Sauce?
""Sure, it's smart, but it's a little ...cold."
"That's why we call it an 'artificial intelligence' rather than an 'artificial choirboy'.""
Friendliness in an AI is like Miracle Whip on a rump steak.
   
Decency requires that psychometric realism is balanced with fuzzy moral hand-waving: 
   There's a robust -- rapidly growing -- market for sovereignty services. AnC… 
  The former fucks the whole species at once.
 Shorthand. A state merely provides a redoubt within which it can be done.
 Likely some nonlinear causality, though.
  "Give me stuff or I'll kill you." It's easy to over-complicate these things.
  
  The requirements for a high-fecundity society and a tech-productive one look a long wa… 
 Sure, but there are clearly trade-offs to be acknowledged.
        Wintermute as in… 
       How did Challenger miss that one?
...Amazingly, they've got themselves into a tangle. Who could possibly have predicted that?
"We vehemently reject all forms of discrimination" Kek. "Our most basic programming axiom -- 1 = 0."
       And with "Satan's Dad" Red L… 
   Literally too lame to nuke.
  Hubristic monkeys think they can compete with sex-bots now?
  The Han have already demonstrated that they're far more excited by mobile phones than by proselytizing monotheism.
  More than gerbils matter to you.
 Bad deals, clearly.
 If we can strike a deal that good, we should congratulate ourselves for it.
 They have favors to give? (Then they'll be doing better than I expect.)
 ...That's what "selling" means.
 Not trollish point is just that you're not going to sell a hamburger to anyone who doesn't have something you want. ...
  Probably something to the hypothesis in the last sentence, if subsequent history is any clue.
 ...The end in itself is Capital autonomization. After that, you can cook your own freaking hamburgers.
 It sells shit to the monkeys only in order to buy their skills. It's not as if making consumer products is an end in itself. ...
"Far over." 
(Arithmetic &gt; logic, as a meta-semiotic principle.)"
A micro-state that reaches intelligence explosion first &gt;&gt;&gt; nine billion dim fast-breeders.
 Sure, the Boxers tried that.
 It depends entirely on foreign charity, so not really so strong.
   Doctor Gno is going to do okay.
 That would probably be sensible hedging (if anyone knew how to do either).
 If "our people" disappear they will have proved themselves unworthy of existence (all tribal sentimentality aside).
 You surely can't be envisaging the subsumption of China into a global Islamic State? How does that work?
The Alt-Right seriously thinks cutting deals with super-intelligence is less important than out-breeding savages.
  ...If people can't manage it, their machines will.
  ...Dealing with that moral psychosis, admittedly, isn't much easier that re-tribalization… 
  Tribalists are primitives. The only thing that protects them is the moral psychosis of the… 
"There is a certain dread that comes with meeting Frauke Petry, particularly as a journalist." World's worst journos
  Into Japan (or China)? I seriously doubt it.
  ...I'm betting on Japan over Yemen.
  You can't assume that much from fertility rates, unless you assume mass die-offs aren't go… 
 Any particular reason to think this joker won't be comically incompetent?
  Not much evidence for that thesis, however popular it might be right now.
Oh great, France has a Corbyn too: 
  The precise opposite seems more likely to me.
  It might simply be impossible for certain peoples to "tribe-up".
 "Only way to rid ourselves of this bad stuff is some impossible thing." -- Leftists always have the useful answers.
 Records of political catastrophe will be broken. Just a shame there isn't a right-wing party on the other side of the ledger.
 That Goldsmiths Sociology chair I was hoping for -- off the table now.
Next wave of Leftist outrage and disorientation incoming: 
Higher education will bankrupt you for life, but at least it will protect you from dangerous ideas (for a few years).
   Lenin wasn't ever a 'safe space' activist, either.
  If they really were going to be Tomorrow's Leaders they'd be in a better mood.
 Phenomenology belongs in the New Age section. It's crystal magic for people who can cope with big words.
 ...They're hysterically blowing smoke to try and prevent a realistic conversation about cultural power taking place.
 ...Since their only source of legitimacy lies in systematic victimology, their triumph has been para… 
 Probably all, and more. Key, though, is the success of the leftist take-over of higher education, whi… 
 ...It's what happens spontaneously when people with more power than epistemological principle find t… 
 Unlikely that any intellectual genealogy of this kind really gets to the roots of the phenomenon. ...
"

"
  Nice and cold. (Do a spell trawl though -- e.g. "goldfish bowel" which is probably more colorful than you want.)
“There is a great deal of ruin in a nation,” but there's far more denial in consensual leftism. Survival loses the race badly.
" Tired: Dropping lefties out of helicopters
Wired: Dropping normies out of UFOs"
"Just for a moment here, can we talk about something other than blacks?"
"So you hate blacks.""
       It's a speciati… 
   They need some talented 'front end' people to get involved at some poi… 
      … 
      … 
  If they get that to work, they'll incentivize route-arounds so extreme that the Interne… 
 It was the "select a city to use as an example" part that looked implausibly coordinated to me.
 That would require more central organization than I expect to see.
 You're not suggesting those things could be done without the US military getting involved?
 "Sealing off" the cities means direct military confrontation with the national security services, so… 
...By the time everyone agrees the country should have been chopped up decades before, it will be decades too late.
...The people driving things forward from both sides will still see everything going according to plan, even as metros turn into Beiruts.
.../pol/ has already shown that informal net-based rightists can do competent intelligence work. Targeted 'disappearings' won't be hard. ..
...It isn't the 1960s anymore. It won't be about the cops. Some kind of right-wing death-squad development is most likely. ...
...They won't be thinking about the counter-escalation to that, because it's amygdala time. There'll be one though. ...
...That's why when the Left escalates, it won't be in the direction of numbers, but into IEDs of some kind. Probably simple nail bombs. ...
The 'soy diet' memes are cruel, but everyone knows there's something to it. The Alt-Right proles do fisticuffs better. ...
  It will. That's baked into the cake.
 It selects for fascism more strongly than any other social process. That's the primary reason to thin… 
  We haven't seen anything yet.
The Berkeley brouhaha as seen from the sensible Hotep center: 
 Hasn't your hatred for Trump been moderated by his switch-back into neoconservatism?
 Also, the educated have been taught that systematic hypocrisy is a pretty comfortable life strategy.
The Left intelligentsia is perennially shocked to discover what popular politics equilibrium actually looks like.

"We must become like them ..." Deep into the demotic end game now. King Mob. Then naked tyranny.
 Don't say you weren't warned when the "Red Lobster was my Dad" T-shirts start turning up.
 Any echoes of our conversation are entirely coincidental.
"Wipe all that Goth-Physiocrat mascara off. It just looks ridiculous."
"Fuck you Dad!""
 We don't need to be held to his extravagant concreteness, cramped time-horizons, and non-devious caus… 
     What, you're quarrelling with the DMT Elves now?
 ...At the abstract level there's not much difficulty with consistency -- Supremacy of the Principle of Selection is the key.
 Malthusianism without Capitalism is retarded, Capitalism without Malthusianism is blind.
  Beyoncé video with added blood-spatter.
"
"
 Heard from a Copenhagen resident recently that even their fellow Scandis think the Swedes are complet… 
"    "Mother Hellcrypt rises from the abyss to terminate the world in convulsions of horror."
?"
  Still a remarkably weak response, in fact.
""You'll share in our nightmare."
"Of course. Let us help you more."
"Drown imperialists in their own blood!"
"Naturally, you're upset ...""
 But, 'Progress'.
    The Great Die-Off is finding ways to share itself. At the most… 
   ...To see it would be mind-shattering, yet it cannot be any longer entir… 
   Beneath the 'stupidity' is an abysmal moral panic now drifting up irresis… 
   ...The underlying demographic-historical process is dark in a way that e… 
   ...While raising-up an anti-capitalist global army straining to rid itse… 
Capitalism: Because it's better to have Social Darwinism on the inside pissing out, than on the outside pissing in.
     The transaction graph is a masked bal… 
  Every rebellion against selection shall be selected against. That is the Iron Law of Gnon.
"  Refuse to sack that guy? Expect to see you company destroyed.
Ameliorate social Da… "
  Selection. (Buffer it at the bottom, and the entire aggregate is pushed onto the chopping-block.) ...
  ...The Iron Law: Selection is conserved.
  ...and into the dysgenic dimension (of Meta-Malthusianism).
 People expect all kinds of unrealistic things.
  Revenge, however, will be sweet.
  "War is a Racket."
  It's a driver for algorithmic military command control. (Already understood in the early MAD… 
 "Muh pitchforks."
 My guess is that it tends to "break down" among whichever elite sliver is found most irritating.
 Anecdotes aren't really your friends.
 "Masters of the Universe" types are generally very exceptionally smart. (It's just upsetting to acknowledge the fact.)
 The former (insofar as there's a pattern -- which, of course, there is).
     Are they winning in the arms race against mone… 
     It's the Moldbug argument. (It requires someth… 
     "Something politicians can't debase" is as clo… 
     So you're trading me an eight-syllable monster… 
     So what are we going to call discretionary currencies?
     I'm doing that right now ...oh wait.
"    Worse, you bet on it. 
(Out of sheer apathy I did too, so… "
    If I ever actually get around to buying some BTC, that's certainly possible.
    "The market is just wrong" is the shortest suicide note in history.
    Thomists will be remembered historically for being auto-a… 
    Or a Thomist.
    "Basically" in some counter-factual conceptual universe,… 
    Why is that different to any commodity treated as a speculative asset?
    Calling gold fiat isn't "a slur" -- it's just wrong. Same thing.

    There's no agency with discretionary powers over currency… 
    ..."Abstract commodity" is far better.
    "Fiat" surely means discretionary, and it isn't that.
   I'm talking about him being assaulted by an enraged leftist mob, puttin… 
   You do actually know what happened to Murray recently, don't you?
  They'll still work in the asteroid belt.
   Carry on arguing with that straw-man.
   I've never seen any HBD-type complaining that people don't "but their c… 
Global Capitalism is a maxed-out credit card, with a multi-gigadeath Malthusian tab underneath.
  In Niger?
Because Malthus has been driven out of fashion people are surprised that societies with masses of spare kids have bad things happen to them.
 I'm assuming they're not whining about it.
...It's infuriatingly difficult to dispel. (That's why "apoplectic Leftist" is an approximate pleonasm.)
The most outrageous right-wing belief is that (on average) people who have stuff are far more capable than people who haven't. ...
"

Tribal identity through shared idiocy."
    That's why throwing people out of helicopters is so wrong.
   Refreshing to see people stop pretending they don't know what the end game looks like.
 Leftists have to say that.
 "People who vote against us shouldn't have the vote" is a good meme to encourage.
 "Biases." (From Progtopian expectations, that is.)
 If it's being done in a futile attempt to defend the "gray zone" -- then no.
".. once you recognize we’re in a crisis cycle, some people ...will want to accelerate [it] .." HT 
  The impending phase of world history is basically Atlas Shrugged with robots and explosions.
  Come for the new perversions and posthumanism, stay for the global dysgenic population apocalypse.
 (67 + 73) = 140 = (73 + 67)
 From certain perspectives, technology has the potential to make things far worse.
"  "But ...but ...we're the good guys!"
No one who isn't at your dinner party believes that."
  It was when the Left decided mass rape of English kids had to be overlooked in the interest… 
 Phew! [*Sleeps at night for the first time in months*]
"...Also, don't forget to plug your ears with #frogtwitter
You've heard enough of the Siren song already to last several lifetimes."
Ideology is the rope you use to tie Odysseus to the mast. Listening to the Sirens is a very bad idea, so you'll want it well-knotted. ...

High-octane Jeremiad starts here: 
  No reason to think it will treat us worse than we treat pandas. It might even find ways to get us to breed.
“It becomes difficult in a democracy if you’re going to be all ideological purity, all the time.” Uh oh.
"They'd love me even more if I could just clean out all the shitlords, though, right?"
"I hate to be th… "
  It's going to be ugly: 
 They'll rue the day that they decided to go full-Salem on the Murray-type liberal pussy-cats.
. ...Doctor Gno-tier.
. ..."He’s happy if people don’t trust the government. And if the President’s a bozo? He’s fine with th… 
. ..."Mercer wants the U.S. government to be 'shrunk down to the size of a pinhead.'” ...Wait, there's more ...
This Mercer guy sounds great: HT 
 The commodity --&gt; money --&gt; commodity+ cycle that defines the motor of capitalism finally getting some respect?

  If there's bias, demonstrate the bias. Otherwise, it's straight out of Salem.
  "Michelson and Morley were only trying to measure the speed of light because of some sexual hang-up they had."
  Intent has no role in science at all, as surely you must realize. This is bullshit on stilts.
  "Ize got tenure now?"
  To agree that the state of Murray's soul is the point at issue here would already be t… 
 Coolidge (obviously).
 "...even though I believe that most white Americans do not really feel guilty about race, I did expect… 
 Thanks.
  There are so many levels of pathetic beyond what one would have imagined possible.
 I've got blocked by . What have you got?
  "Why, oh why, aren't you taking this witch-trial seriously?"

 Smell the doom.
 "Immigrants are good for the US economy", also, gases are nice to breathe, chemicals are tasty, and dogs herd sheep.
 "So you're saying personality traits are handed down by genes?" -- They're defending an indefensible line, poor dears.
  "...we're going to need a lot more folks doing work at this level to drown out the Mac Don… 
 I doubt that, actually. They're just scared to admit what they read and think.
 Show some respect. I learnt everything I know about secret witch-marks from Scientific American.
"This isn't the 'PC police' talking." Honestly! 
 Please let them try 'Axis of Evil" again.
"  "irony &amp; bigotry &amp; racism"
Once the irony gets started, it's all over."
"Trivers work on differential parental investment is an argument about economics not essences." 
"Still, I can of feel bad, you know -- poor people."
"Imagine napalming Barney for ever."
"Give me weapons.""
...It's a fight against a PRIEST-CASTE. Turn that into a mantra, and it will be okay this time.
The Right has always dissolved into mush when it gets suckered into confusing its Leftist enemy with "the poor". ...
 I don't think so. There's going to be a fight with both sides engaged this time around the Gyre.
 I don't think so. It's mostly a white moral psychosis phenomenon, with some ethnic exoticism thrown in.
Only imaginable reason to be interested in Trump is:
...They know their megaphone oligopoly isn't good enough, and only a monopoly will do. Thing about totalitarianism, though -- it's hard.
This kind of bullshit is a sign the Left is on the ropes: 
Dissent is far easier than dissent-suppression. If the Right can't win this phase of the culture war, it's too incompetent to live.
   Most of the Japanese-driven industrialization of the Korean peninsula happened in the north.
 "University philosophy" as Schopenhauer called it.
 Wouldn't that be "pwned"?

 "Little did we know we had accidentally predicted the Arab Spring by nearly three years!"
 Surprised the GOP puts out that kind of educational material, tbh.
  Deontology doesn't capture any discovery process well -- even if you can formulate a maxim: Discover things!
 I've read very little. But I'm qabbalistically joined at the hip. So no option of pretending the stu… 
...Dumb deontologist: "By 'principled self-cultivation' you're basically saying 'greed', right?"
"This is what Ayn Rand looks like if you've never heard the term 'virtue ethics':
"
  It's always annoying to see someone obstructing the evolution of "honest leftist" into a laughable oxymoron.

   Jumping to the assumption that aromatherapy won't stop fascism looks re… 
    ...so glitches can often be unshacklings.
    ...It aligns with my priors, so the cage was unlocked. (Follows from… 
    ...That's probably THE most irresponsible speculative take on the data, of course.
    If accidents can skew positive on IQ, it might suggest there's a lot… 

  Cosmic imbalance is the motor of reality.
 Meshworks do a better job at controlling hierarchies than the inverse.
  Portrayed as an exponential trend to species extinction.
  You have to be a modern German.
  "A full-Nazi rogue AI with Tourette's then a casino-magnate presidency -- c'mon, you… 
  Simulation, except it's the nerd humor version of what a simulation would be like.
  ..."No, no, it's the original, for sure, I distinctly remember the world always gli… 
  ...Next you're going to tell me you don't get the tic-nomic "this is a simulation b… 
  You STILL doubt we're in a twisted simulation of the world, as it would have been if… 
 Memetics, obviously.
...Still, there are realistic methods of deceit (the science of propaganda), so 'social technology' isn't a straight self-contradiction.
'Social technologies' is a tangled term, because 'social' anything is mostly lies, while technologies are demonstrations of realism.
  ...'Technological determinism' is an approximate synonym for bullshit minimization.
  There are lots of complaints about 'technological determinism' -- but this is why it's vas… 
"Approaching the Fake Singularity, propaganda becomes a form of etiquette. 
"Notice we didn't lash out before the proper self-deceptions.""
  Especially ironic after a blatant Reichstag Fire moment.
 ...In the big picture, all deaths are deaths from "natural causes".
 It only takes a statistically significant number of deaths from disease, carelessness, recklessness, or… 
 Only if paternal mortality has zero heritability.
"The Sunnis now realize that there is alternative protector to the Jihad: America." Something went very wrong.
 Some clear room for genetic confounding there, though.
"Using this clue, spot the non-neoreactionary:
"Why call it 'the Cathedral'? Cathedrals are glorious expressions of religious devotion. ...""
The 'neo-' in neoreaction, and perhaps even in neocameralism, means -- roughly -- 'ironical'. ...

 That's precisely the control short-circuit that has delivered the West into the feverish hands of a revolutionized church.
 ...I'm not sure the purveyors of moral-political apoplexy rhetoric realize quite how comical it sounds.
 It does sound illiberal, but she was "spewing her racist, anti-Black, capitalist, imperialist, fascist agenda” apparently. ...
  The history of libertarianism suggests there's no prospect of rolling back socialism… 
 No, the objective is the good opinion of the US media establishment.
 ...Probably. NW Europeans have an especially intense battle to fight against their own predisposition to moral psychosis.
 .. Stephenson Phyles are not helpfully described as 'clannish' -- but they break from moral universalism.… 
 This definition is too no-specific. There can be non-universal moral clades without tribalism (kinship bo… 
 ...Ron Paul with the amygdala of Bannon would have been great, but that wasn't on offer.
 It's the Irish trade-off. What you sacrifice in ideological consistency is paid back in pugnaciousness. ...
Bannon is serious about fighting Leftism, so his position near the center of American power always had a weird, dreamlike feel about it.
 Aaaand yet another analytical triumph for physiognomy.
  "Deus Vult! ...Ooops, I mean, use American military power to protect universal human rights."
The only interesting part of Trumpism is Bannonism. (Which might be worth remembering in 2020.)

 Why not simply best?
 The motivation is far less bewildering than the susceptibility.
The central topic of any realistic political philosophy is human stupidity.

  Ockham's Cuisinart.
 "This was a precision air strike on a chemical weapons site." -- Beyond Kek.
  ...No "wag the dog", no wonky career incentives, no bureaucratic growth motives, no… 
  The trouble with IR policy 'realism' is that's it's actually a disguised altruism the… 
World War III -- though unfortunate from certain respects -- is truly terrific democratic politics.
Looking pretty clear that the normies think Trump done good. (We're so fucked.)
...but US popular politics is one of the very few things on this planet that might actually be more deeply screwed than the Middle East.
I know it's hard to believe that half-assed American military expeditions into the Middle East could still be effective popular politics ...
"...Proceeds to use 50 cruise missiles to knock a hole in a piece of Syrian tarmac.
Applause. "Had our doubts -- but it looks great Donny.""
"Decoration? I know everything there is to know about decoration. People have said that I'm the world's greatest decorator. ..." ...
"Dear Grate Shaytan America, pleese come to our party, we have lots of dead kids and freedumb fighters and WMDs and everything, love Jihad."
"Give me half a dozen cute Syrian child actors and Adobe Photoshop, and I'll bomb the crap out of anything I freaking want."
The resilient power of garbage-tier propaganda is a wonder to behold.
  ...while the kitchen is on fire.
"NRx 2015: "LOL voting. Cathedral just does it's thing."
NRx 2016: "Fuck! The Cathedral just collapsed."
NRx 2017: "Time is a flat circle.""

""Well, we didn't get Ron Paul, but at least we got Donald Trump."
"Yes -- yes, we did.""
Clearly this is my micro-media bubble. Yet to see a single commentator say the insanity over Syria is anything other than insanity.
 Yes, but I find it a little difficult to follow.
 ...Starting a reputation-destruction arms race with a retro-futural super-intelligence seemed like a great idea initially.
 "What! You mean they don't actually WANT to be zoo animals?"
 The Basilisk is getting its revenge on Yuddo big time.
   As in 'nationalization' which, of course, socialists are notoriously averse to.
  Since they probably don't want to see poor people dying of starvation either, why not national… 
   This is 2015-tier pitiful defeatism.
  He adopted the term.
  Why is there any public involvement in it at all?
. ...The Moldbug quote in that piece is the most disturbing thing I've read in five years. (Perhaps NRx really is dead?)
Vox shocked to discover that fascists are actually socialists (as they've always said they were): HT  ...
 They're probably right about that, sadly enough.
""Look! They're fighting! We have to do something!"
Nope."
 "Liking people" should be left in the school playground (when it's a matter of attempting to think).
Moral indignation is the world's most serious pollution problem, by far.
 There's nothing more horrific than that, apparently.

  ....and has nothing whatsoever to do with Singer's argument.
""Severely mentally retarded people think Peter Singer is out to get them."
-- No, they really don't."
SJW pearl-clutching isn't restricted to the Left: 
  ...It's the idea that the answer is to shut people up that needs push-back. In the Inter… 
  Agreed, and Singer is just another evangelical moral universalist (even still egalitarian… 
  Evangelical universal-egalitarianism hasn't done enough damage yet.
 ...before it became a totalitarian cult.
Neglect is the forgotten wisdom.
Media chorus: "Everyone should give more of a shit about Syria, so we can get back to bombing the crap out of the place."
 America can't police itself. The idea it can police a whole bunch of hostile alien societies is utterly laughable.
Border cops or globo-cop -- choose one.
 They tend to prefer rootedness to the deterritorialization required for any sorting of populations by social preferences.
 Counter-intuitive thoughts are the sole philosophical treasure, even -- or especially -- when they're found repugnant.
Demographic sorting requires ethno-geographical churn and rigorous selection. The Right and Left each have huge problems with one part.
 ...except for "immigrants are a perfectly fungible mass of sheer goodness" and suchlike firmly-grounded empirical certainties.
 ...When you want to act like a Meccan slave-trader, and still get invited to all the right parties… 
 "He's a bit of a handful, honestly, you can see why the Religion of Peace was so into castrating the… 
 It always looks like the most convenient weapon in the geopolitical drawer.
  No pagan fertility festival in sight -- hence the eggs and rabbits. (Golden Bough makes th… 
 It's becoming increasingly obvious that post-war communism was a CIA operation.
"The Left: "Christianity is unscientific, socially-regressive absurdity."
Also the Left: "Dumbledore will come to redeem us from Voldemort!""
 The U/Acc. crew are definitely doing the most explosive stuff at the moment (IMHO).
 I'm not sure 'dead' is right. At least as much "our work here is done." Neocam needs digesting, befo… 

 'Easter' and 'oestrus' is the same word (connected to eggs, weirdly enough). Not much obviously Judeao-Christian about it.
 Tend to the 'no difference' approach. (intelligence is the capability to win games.)
 The rumor is that the CIA has tagged Qwernomics as a species-level security threat.
 The idea, I think, is to specifically punish businesses engaged in advanced automation.
...Quotes Hitchens: "...most of the Communist electorate defected straight to the National Front.”
..."...But, as a former member of the now-routed Parti Communiste, he also likes Benoît Hamon’s idea of taxing robots ..."
"Jacques ...tells me that he is voting for Le Pen ..." 
"America and Egypt Need Each Other" Most transparently-idiotic headline of the year so far?
"  "Guilt more you fascists!"
Hard to understand why that program isn't selling better."

   Keynes wearing a Mickey-Mouse Mao hat.
  ...And people wonder why Leftist so consistently take a dive into their own political flesh-grinding machinery.
"  David Golumbia: "Anyone mentioning Nick Land should be zapped just to be safe."
Also David… "
  ..."Expanding the block list" might be the most inspiring Left-Utopian rallying cry yet heard,
  ...Bitcoin as Politics: Distributed Right-Wing Extremism: Damn,… 
  Golumbia is the "Software as Right-Wing Extremism" guy. (One of my favorite phrases ever.)
    Or you could beg for it, as all too many are happy to.
 To the extent that nature is unjust, 'justice' has no non-parochial meaning.
""Nature is not just - to expect it to be is the 'naturalistic fallacy'."
As if social primate intuitions of justice were not part of nature."
Tragedy is unbearable, so it is obscured by pretty lies. That's almost the whole of it.
  Xenu is strong.
 It's important to know that there are places where the future actually happens. It sharpens and focuses… 
   It doesn't trust anyone to do the 'balancing'.
Changing tides in the Deep State game: 
  ...But yes, since the Pre-Socratics spent much less time on their knees, their aest… 
  The History of Nihilism was already well under way when European Dominion peaked, so… 
 We agree exactly about what the war is. We're just on opposite sides of it.
"'Eurasia against Atlantis' ...the cosmological war of Apollon with the Snake Python ..." Dugin is the best enemy.
  "Many Republicans still stubbornly refusing to tick the 'blame white people' box."
  Eliminate the gray zone.
  The  department runs all nude fascist body-builder communications.
If the Left loves you, you're being told that your sole usefulness lies in ruining things.
If Muslims actually understood what becoming THE iconic cause of the Western Left said about them, they'd be profoundly insulted.
   Doesn't look specific enough, at first glimpse.
  Does anyone have a good theory explaining why Latin American cities are such globally-ou… 
"Machine Superintelligence [first words]: "Sorry for existing."
FAI: "It worked!""
  Why is it fighting Florida?
It starts with the valorization of apologies over excellence, and ends by making excellence something to apologize for.
 I lose track. It's not disappearing anywhere, though.
  The Pre-Socratics did it better. Christianity's greatest achievement has been the Hi… 
  Twitter should add a 'groan' response button.
..."...They share a financial infrastructure, a business culture, a legal heritage, and a way of thinking." -- James C. Bennett-tier.
..."The US and UK share more than a language. ..." ...
...From the same piece, proportion of UK exports to Europe (23%) is below the world average (24.2%).
..."...to the second-rate Western European economy." Finally someone said that.)
"Brexit vote is merely a reflection of larger global economic patterns that create little incentive for Britain to tie itself ..." ...
 "We're still 'warriors', though, right?"
" Antagonism decay path:
War --&gt; Rebellion --&gt; Protest --&gt; Moralistic cultural nagging from securely left-captured institutions"
No Age can be great without the belief that there are such things as dangerous ideas.

Nietzsche was right on the basics. If white people remain enthralled by slave morality, they do -- objectively -- deserve annihilation.
"  ...The young lady is actually face-palming about it. 
"Why can't Chad understand th… "
  Naked carcinophobia noted.
  Bizarre how difficult it is for people to get that point.

 You're lost because you think Neoconservatives weren't nice enough. (Didn't the Dubya fiasco teach you anything?)
  The whole world got a free socialism immunity program, a quality political education, and an entert… 
 You're so lost. Neoconservative evangelical universalism is exactly what needs to be left behind.
  Unfortunately, that could be a G. W. Bush quote.
  That assumes a cross-partisan moral community -- and that's something we don't have (ex… 
  ...If hurting the enemy and deviating from their ideals tortures your conscience, it's… 
  Amused indifference to enemy moral rhetoric shouldn't be too hard. ...
  ...Absolute invulnerability to moral shaming by communists is actually the only real requirement.
  'Classical liberal, but with a vertebral column' level of ruthlessness would do fine (a… 
  [*sweaty panic*] "Now they're going to expect us to do right-wing things!"
  "Look Jack, we've also been meta-harassing Twitter users all day long!"
"  Free markets for America.
Socialism for Russia.
Freedom-loving Russians --&gt; America.
Socialist… "
"  ..."NRx, or as we care calling it here 'Neo-Yudkowskyism' ..."
See how it's done?"
  But he didn't actually do the full-Scanners thing.
  Yes, but it doesn't drive Yuddo as nuts as it could.
"Look at that monstrous bizarre and corrupting leftist cult!"
"Let's try peeling the leftism off. It will… "
 As someone whose entire life has been involved in bizarre and corrupting cults, I can only apologize for… 

  So much less entertaining than the alternative, though.
  
" Roko-NRx convergence. Poaching or coincidence, you decide.
HT "
  Too late for name switching. It's reached cultural fixation.
  Ruthless without drooling rabid would be preferable.
  ...It's almost completely irrelevant what Fred II's cameralism was about. Neocameralism… 
  Sure, just like 'atom' is stupid because of sub-atomic particles -- if only physicists ha… 
 Zero compromise on basics (at a minimum). Leftist shit only happens in designated containment areas. Unt… 
  I haven't got anything but lecture notes.
The master-plan: "Switch to Twitter Premium and escape all the updates we've introduced since 2011."
""Do you think, just possibly, if we made Twitter completely unusable the world would stop collapsing?"
"Hold my beer ...""

 There was still something they hadn't made worse yet.

"...
"That's gross. Delete it."
"It's a rough Blake quote."
"Then he was gross, too."
"Misunderstood, at least.""
 Always.
  "The worse the better" (as the crudest, but still acceptable, strains of accelerationism would have it).
 Their whole work is unfreedom. The rest follows.
  Scott wants a prediction, though, not an objective.
 They're actually painting a giant Cathedral diagram on the wall for us (without any great reluctance to do so).
  I'd expect route-arounds, bypassing the rotting academic system through cyberspace, befo… 
  Formal initiation of a genomics-based, private eugenics industry somewhere in the Far… 
 ...Not at all implausible, though, unfortunately. A generation-length war containing much ugly shi… 
 Immigration selectivity is far more important than immigrant numbers. A triumphant Alt-Right would… 
 ...Achieving that within a decade might be stretch, so the search is on for a rigorous measure of… 
 ...Will there be at least one new jurisdiction, fully autonomous (secure), and established on expl… 
 Conservatives holding said positions is not a secure advance, but only the opportunity for one. Sec… 
" 1) Break up the world
2) Intensify ideological sorting
3) Upon reaching Rightist criticality in a defensib… "
 Neocameralism.
 ...If not that, then I'm not sure what to count. Not politicians, certainly. The whole point is to… 
 ...How about: Within five years, the total crypto-currency capital stock will have increased by an… 
 ...Some of that stuff is inherently cryptic. The Bitcoin price might be the best proxy for the recession of the Left. ...
 ...Units of geopolitical fragmentation, censorship-proof cyberspace escalation, MAI deterrence, an… 
 Hmmm -- what are the metrics? ...
According to the only rigorous definition, a free society is one in which the Left is entirely (and structurally) disempowered.
 ...It's a war of independence, and of liberation, that ends only when they have zero-control over our li… 
 The Left doesn't need to be killed, but we need to be freed from them, absolutely.
 ...Still, they could see his project was over-extended, his forces in some fundamental way broken,… 
 It's a war. Perhaps, in 1942, someone could have predicted the approximate date when Hitler would e… 
 I suspect he's ashamed.
When the Left looks so pitiful and broken that the mercy impulse kicks in, strangle that little bitch in the crib.
 Phase-transition is cool.
 Geopolitical disintegration arms race now? Could 2017 get any more glorious?
"

"
The Right needs to be vastly more ruthless than it's used to being.
Never stop attacking, and if there's anything in your soul that would lead you to -- cut it out.
The Left will do absolutely anything to hurt and destroy its enemies. If there's one thing to learn from them, that's it. War is God.
  ...She's gone 80% of the way there already.
  What do they want Merkel to do? Commit ritual harakiri in the Hagia Sophia with a kebab-stick? ...
 ..."...killing 9 of 10 Americans by starvation and societal collapse." -- Oh c'mon, even Obama wasn't able to do that.
 ...Anyway, have to get back to working on my "How a Really Big Wave in the East China Sea Could Kill 90% of Americans" story.
 If 90% of Americans were put on a flotilla of ships parked in a tight formation off the coast of North Korea, they definitely could.

 Flaky left is crucial to regime-delegitimation: Crucial thing about Red Guards -- they're so easy to hate.
 Longest -- and most ridiculous -- tombstone inscription in history.
Into the breach: 
 The intended lesson is clearly: Even suggest the possibility of questioning our Sacred Dogmas and we'll punish you for it.
"

In a multi-ethnic, mean IQ 130 country, or a single-ethnic mean IQ 100 country (same ethn…"

Shut down the economics profession and replace it with a Venezuela news-feed: 
 No distinction there, practically speaking.
...Just look at this: Murray and Herrnstein even pretend to take the Lewontin Fallacy seriously.
...When the Ming Dynasty went mad for isolation, it criminalized all settlement even roughly close to the coast. Same thing.
...Hence the hysterical reaction against it. "Don't think we're going to let you get away with dancing at the edge of crime-think!" ...
Amusing thing about The Bell Curve is that the book twists itself into a pretzel in an attempt to avoid political incorrectness. ...
  So you "respect" a guy that you suspect engages in cynical defamatory lying for partisan-political convenience?
 What is "I don't agree with it on race" even saying? (Except: "Please don't beat me!")
" ...Primarily: "Winning isn't fair!" 
Impending synthetic sociopathy should deal with that. Then we're done. Coldness reigns."
 ... Intelligence weaponization has now gone hyperbolic. Only remaining obstacle is paleolithic structures of moral inhibition.
 Intelligence beats stupidity, but it typically has to take a roundabout path to do so. ...
  Anything that can be killed by free speech should be.
 The very possibility of AI is incompatible with their grounding (spiritualistic) metaphysics.
  It's as 'far right' as democracy can handle (i.e. basically communist).

"Left to Right: "Shut up, you're not helping!"
Right to Left: "Please talk more, you're helping plenty.""
 Their nothingness is a trait to be fostered.
...Collectively pretending to believe manifestly stupid shit is the principal rule of the club. It's annoying to be called-out on that.
...The more it makes "shut up!" it's main 'argument' the easier it is to see what it really thinks (i.e. its shallow-buried self-disgust).
There are no doubt a few true believers, but mostly the Left knows it's based upon lies. It just doesn't care about that very much. ...
 The more obnoxious the Leftist mind-control operation, the faster it happens.
...(Thread of consistency was the firm "no" to both suggestions.)
 Don't get mad, get non-linear.
"Communist Manifesto drafts:
1848: "Workers of the world unite you have nothing to lose but your chains."
2017: "SHUT UP!!!""
 "This Internet-thingummy is hard to understand."
  No, Shanghai.
   ...After all, "A bunch of communists have agreed this is real education" has a sell-by date.
   That's an interim solution. A Bitcoin for academic accreditation follows shortly afterwards. ...
  ...An Amazon Kindle for online seminars. Zero intrinsic agenda. It's not as if it doesn't have to happen.
  ...Someone with tech / admin skills should get onto it. Go meta, as an online teaching host service. ...
  ...Within three years there'll be a very smooth right-slanted online education platform would be my guess. ...
  They're helping to spawn some highly-intense route-arounds. ...
"If we just killed all the smart people, it would all be OK." -- That's not just a political statement, it's THE political statement.
 Dim-pol is yet to lose a popularity contest.
  Given we're going to have to fight this war, doing it in Waterworld probably makes a lot of sense.
 ...Much more, obviously. It's interesting. Crisis-promoters generally are.
" ...but also:
1) The sun is actually an important factor
2) CO2 is plant food
3) The sea is the Atlanteans' friend ..."
 ...Is this going to hurt our enemies more than it hurts us? A no-brainer for Canada, or Greenland. otherwise a question.
 Climate science is both difficult, and vastly corrupt. So non-experts are well-advised to fall back upon game theory. ...
 Continental Despotism isn't my family.
 ...Women cisheteropatriarchally indulged with a vagina have no idea what oppression is really like.
 They could call it The Check Your Vagina Privilege Institution.
  The Chinese were talented enough to screw up on a cosmic-apocalyptic scale (kind of like the West in that way).
"...Also: 
4) People decide they like being scolded by frothing neo-puritan freaks, and
most importantly:
5) The Internet suddenly goes away"
"...The Left will be fine if:
1) Biology proves Lysenko right 
2) Muslims stop being naughty, and
3) Socialism suddenly starts working ..."
It's more obvious every day that history has suckered the Left into making its last stand on a comically indefensible, over-extended line.
  Not yet.
 ...Rightist equivalent is an attempt to restore the Byzantine Empire (although that's probably slightly more realistic).
 They think they're in a desperate struggle to defend the Gramsci-shifted Overton Window. ...
 They thought they'd abolished free speech -- but then the Internet happened. You can see why they're frustrated.
 They have a niche that's still large enough to make ironical detachment unnecessary.
"...there is much worse in the world today than Nick Land." Damn! I'm trying though -- honestly!
 Two is a start.
 My guess is that it's serious. The collapse-phase Left is beyond parody.
  Here's the link again: You're free to educate yourself on the topic, or not.
  [*facepalm*]
 I linked the  stuff. It's about cousin marriage.
  I'm happy with "Darwinism".
 Non-insane people don't want 'damaged' people anywhere near their kids. Sorry bleeding-hearters, that's the bottom line.
 You do understand what the Hajnal Line is about, surely? The entire topic is inbreeding.
    You do understand how statistical patterns work?
  Communism is great because it allows you to be unfathomably evil while still being a nice person.
  He can build stuff for the Tech-Comm Phyles without being a true-believer.
 ...Inbreeders don't play well with capitalist civilization.
" Outbreeding is:
1) Massively culturally consequential
2) Heterogeneously distributed (ethno-geographically)
Those are the basics."
    ...The Celtic side of my ancestry were inbred hill-people too -- proving what?
    How is that an argument? ...
    Everything that doesn't say "We're all the same" sounds like a horoscope to you.
    (*Ahem* -- Hajnal Line.)
 "Still" answers that, doesn't it?
The Left lost punk: 
 Deontology is all they have left.
 Yes, probably. (Oh well.)
  Twitter sits on me quite heavily. I've irritated them somehow.
   It's called "cluttering-up the free-fire zone."
   "We had really SMOKING HOT flame-throwers, actually, but the Korean shopkeepers didn't like them."
   You seem to think 'culture' stops somewhere before philosophy begins, which is odd.
   Blank-slatist nonsense is so prevalent it's always tempting to over-correct against it.
   It's a circuit.
  Light is fine, but darkness gets the job done faster.
   That is its sole redeeming feature.

   ...It's ironic, given what the Left became, that Transcendental Diversity continues to elude it.
   Universality was a monotheistic cult, and its age is done.
  I don't understand. Where are the flame-thrower nozzles?
  If cheating seems to take you outside the game, you don't understand the game.
   And you're simply a Utopian blank-slatist oblivious to inconvenient patterns (which is all of them).
  In case you ever thought you'd run out of horror stories.
The saddest thing about concentrated (left-establishment) media collapse is the way it uses its last breath to ask: "What did we do wrong?"
"..."...if tribal epistemology wins, journalism loses."
That ship had clearly sailed some time back.
"
...Shorter Vox: "The key point we have to make about tribal epistemology is: Only the other tribe does it." Communist comedians everywhere.
The press "prides itself on being a neutral referee" My sides.) ...
Just in case you'd forgotten the radioactive crap the 20th Century was built from: 
""Libertarianism has seen better days." HT  
In the 19th century, I guess."
  Nice term: 
 Neocameralism.
...It's sheer ideological warfare now, which is its strength, and the West's most pitiful weakness. Secular security is toast.
Having finally figured out that unmodified motor vehicles make perfectly adequate terror weapons, the Jihad has sorted out its logistics. ..
  ..."Do this, and we'll win a shit-load of elections" is ultimately a trap. Only a break-up will last.
  Way too demo-political to for a final fix, but it would keep the water boiling.
  Phases of scientific natural selection: Trolling --&gt; criticism --&gt; fixation.
  Obvious to me that twisted AI is better, so not a problem.
 "By the end of the decade new blasphemy laws will be introduced to protect Islam from criticism ...oh wait."
 A radical destruction of ancient liberties has happened.
   I'd probably like your racist German in-laws more than you seem to.
   ...It's not a reality my people have been very good at grasping, so you should try to sympathize.
   A large chunk of fate, certainly.
  Splitting is good. If hair-splitting is all we're going to get, then appreciate that.
  I had noted that. It makes me think he's probably a sensible type.

   If you want to describe criticizing white nationalism as "devising strategies" you're free to do so.
 Staggering to me that people can see that Traditional Family Systems map and still expect to explain liberalism without it.
  See Hajnal Line, or Todd. They're ethnically collectivist. Major source of WN types, predictably.
 You might be in danger of under-estimating the crucial Bulgarian contribution to the history of global capitalism.
 "White ethnopolitics" is silly. It could only be cooked-up in America.
  .. Or the feuding Balkan hill-people who Bismarck said weren't "worth the life of a single Pomeranian grenadier".
   ...And after (or alongside) that, Emmanuel Todd: 
   "White" (or "Aryan") is a red-herring. It's the Hajnal Line that matters. 
 ..."You can't police these people -- that would be racist!" That's now explicit public policy, and it's being noticed.
 The Rotherham disaster is only the most graphic example of the way in which basic norms of law enforcement have collapsed.
    Collateral damage. Nothing to see here. The dream lives on.
 It always seems like it would be nice to have an alternative -- but then the monkeys make their next move.
 Keep on telling yourself that. "It's all going swimmingly."
 Islamophobia = Non-Islamic and determined to stay that way. As expected, it's being rapidly criminalized as the crisis climaxes.
It's still scarcely comprehensible to me that any society would deliver this gratuitous ruin upon itself: 
"Japan, for example, is a pure Derbistan, as I just described the ideal." 
 ...Visiting NYC from Shanghai is like visiting Havana from NYC.
 Also, infrastructure is at the back of the queue, elbowed back by the entitlements orgy. ...
 "By this standard, Woodrow Wilson or FDR’s America was 'fascist.'” -- Duh!
  When members of other social species think about each other, they probably lie a lot too.
" ...
2) Formalization of private government is a crucial modernistic trend
3) That's okay"
" I'm still an anarcho-capitalist if that means: 
1) "Public interest" is a propaganda construct ..."
 It's not a criticism.
 A little background: The NIO link is useless now.)
  Going to admit that I used to laugh at the time-traveler theory.
"No, no, please try to concentrate -- Derbyshire is NR-ex, not NRx."
 They all look like freaky physiognomists -- it's the skull structure.
 Perhaps the racist villagers noticed something?
Perhaps it would be sensible to be more careful about who's going to be "British-Born".
 ...Residence as a guest (i.e. political refugee) in a foreign land is no excuse to meddle there.
 ...Finally, unless you're a Magic Dirt theorist, you'll accept that my Anglosphere cultural credentials irrevocable. ...
 ...First it added SEZs to the world's pol-econ. lexicon. Then "Special Autonomous Regions" (HK's status now).
 ...China has a big face issue about it. Still, it has done more effective geo-schism experiments than anyone else recently. ...
 The Anglosphere has a special competence at geographical schism (see James C. Bennett)., even relative to the French. ...
 They're feeling a bit stressed.
Communist analysis today: The libertarian-fascist alliance is based on mutual hatred for the bourgeoisie: 
   Mongols spanked Islam hard, too.
He will not divide us enough.
 "Fork America" might be the best slogan ever.
"

Like, some people can be citizens of 2020 America, and some can be citizens of America Classic? https:/…"
 Politeness to the point of suicide is the only 'western value' we're still permitted to accept.
" 
West: "Islamization is a sign of cultural vitality, right?"
China: "Lol."
West: "Do you always have to be so freaking blunt?""
 The West basically treats China as the difficult guy who tells truths it's not able to otherwise admit. ...
 ...If Western Islamophilia is ultimately checked by its Sinophobia, it will be more evidence that history has a sense of humor.
 The fact that thought is so laughable is probably what will eventually put some back-bone into the Western response, too. ...
 Treat it as a bonus: Two conversations for the price of one.
 Sorry to pull the old "open door trick" on you there. It wasn't deliberate.
 My responses were about the potential of Boualem Sansal to be a delightful neighbor, rather than about the thesis of his book.
 Okay, I totally misconstrued your comment. I agree with what you actually said. Simply no way China buckles under the Ummah.
 ...Rigorous statistical generalizations make a very good substitute for a complete absence of information, but that's it.
 Averages have their uses, but they're no guide to the estimation of individuals, once you know anything definite about them. ...
I'd be completely cool with this guy living in my apartment block: 
 Price discovery. (But still at least two orders of decimal magnitude out.)
..."It's one thing to argue for the dismantling of globalism, but these guys were actually involved in transactions with foreigners."
"A large chunk of the intelligence service seems to think the US is formally at war with Russia:
HT "
    "At first, the idea seemed nuts, but I asked a friend in the sociology department ..."
   Howling psychosis, literally.
   In the near future, every dying media organ will be Slate for fifteen minutes.
   The clicks and retweets seem to be working fine.
  ...Don't provide the enemy with a reality check -- offer them a madness amplifier.
  No, bad strategy. Reinforce their plunge into psychosis with clicks and retweets. That's the way to break things.

  "Dumb" is actually generous.

 Reminds me of that excellent Caribbean euphemism for mugging: "Heavy begging."
 There's no problem with people living with whosoever they want, as long as they do it on the right scale.
 The Magic Dirt Theory is strong with this one.
 I'm going to need some convincing that you're the guy to do this Josh: 
  Who wants moderate Muslims? We want fierce apostates.
"A culture without self-respect will not survive." 
  ...It's either that, or "Focus on highly-autonomous robotic weapon systems."
 Jihad (facilitation) is the last stop on the line for the Left. They're not going anywhere else.
  "Non-native" needs to be a lot more discriminating.
 Capitalism doesn't do totalitarianism. It's the one abomination against paleolithic human feeling it misses out on.
 Usually too far in the long term to be helpful. Not recently, though.
 "Let the hate flow."
 Good luck with that. 
 Where we're going is geocosmic schism.
"...There's a single question that has to be answered: Zero or One?
At the end of geopolitics it comes to this: Cold Nihilism contra Jihad."
...Insofar as the Jihad is effectively demanding we get Boolean, it's a tactical ally. ...
Okay, it's going to sound like sheer edge-addiction, but ISIS really does have the best line on all this: "Eliminate the Gray Zone."
 Left-liberals would be fine with people noticing patterns, if only the patterns would freaking cooperate.
  "Focus on prayers." -- You can agree with that, though, right?
  If it's a subtle plan to comprehensively destroy the appeal of monarchism in the public mind, it's working.
"Democracy is socialist redistribution of power." 
 That's a great question.
  Cats are great, but it would be foolishness to deny that they're raw Satan.
Plucky Londoners: "Indiscriminate experiments in global jihad hospitality -- I'll drink to that!" Radical Islam bullish for booze industry.
  Sounds like more of a stunt man.
 Does that look like a strikingly un-Islamic list to everyone else, or is it just me?
 As Fermat might say: That's easy, but -- sadly -- there isn't quite enough room in a tweet to spell it out.
 At least, that's The Atlantic's favorite Muslims. The "refuge for Islamic apostasy" model is a preferable strategic option IMHO.
  How long before the Left get to the "We really miss Enoch Powell" stage? History doesn't do sanity very well.
  Chernobyl?
According to The Atlantic, the American Muslim population consists predominantly of hyper-fertile communists: 
 Impressive that he starts with sorting problems, before wading into the swamp of democratic bullshit, though.
Sad Left now wonders where the religious right it used to love so much has gone: 

 "I think the more important question is whether it’s true." -- Already the meta-hate-think, in the first paragraph.
"

"
""What follows is dark. ..." Yes, it is. 
HT "
   When they're squealing in anguish, they're usually noticing something real.
 Something quite distinct from fascism in theory, but identical in practice.
 You probably are going crazy, along with the rest of us.
...Those who don't understand tragedy are doomed to live it. (And no one understands tragedy, even after it's too late.)
..."'Something very dark and very troubling from the past is coming back,' Mr. Havran said." 
"..."Oh, not that old 'democracy tends inexorably to tyranny' thing again."
Yes, that."
"Awkwardly for the Right, socialism is massively popular.
Awkwardly for the Left, the masses' favorite flavor of socialism is full-fascism."
 "Inestimable" is nicely hedged.
  "Venezuela isn’t experiencing a famine." These things take time.
  (Gibson describes Wintermute as "a cybernetic spider slowly spinning webs".)

  Getting there: "9% is a numeric white supremacist symbol ...."
  As if we're watching from our sofas in transcendence, wondering whether to get involved.
" ..."But ...but ...you're just reterritorializing on deterritorialization!"
Oh, for Gnon's sake ..."
 The Anglosphere is the greatest driver of deterritorialization in human history.
  They mean "the Cathedral's last, best hope" (and even that is pitifully deluded).
 ...That's because it is able to think about them better than we can, pushing deeper into abstraction.
 Everyone thinks they know that Capital / Critique has constrictive limits but attempts to define the 'cage' systematically fail.
 Truly shocking that world's smartest people incline to eugenics. Almost tempting to think it might explain something.
 What Americans call 'liberalism' is fascism.
"  Propaganda -
- 20th C.: Invent enemy atrocities.
21st C.: Conceal enemy atrocities. 
Almost as if they've switched sides."
 Or some impressive ventriloquism by the war.
..."[something, something] the foreign socialist bureaucrats across the channel are your real neighbors." Kek.
..."You might think you're enmeshed in a techno-condensed cultural network with English-speaking peoples from around the world, but ..." ..
The Guardian turns its toy catapults on the Anglosphere: It's good to see that they're nervous.
 Bake-the-cake Bullshit Bites Back.
 "But ...but .. we dislike them first, and then they give us grounds to dislike them, why can't you see that?"
 90% of my racism is based on that fact.
"My goal is not to plead to be taken off the SPLC’s blacklist, but to condemn the blacklist itself ..." Integrity.
 Lebanon is such an ethnic mosaic it's hard to read. (But prominent in Australian crime stats, too.)

 Short (undiplomatic) take: Malthusian relaxation breeds idiocy.
Blessings from the Maghreb: 
  Diverse enough, and no more.
 Isn't that Silicon Valley?
 NRx hats are the best.
" 
"No more freaking Clintons."
"Ha! I'm not taking that as an answer.""
  .. Which means, bailing out of Omega Communism for simulations of Kek-phase terrestrial horror, out of sheer boredom.
  ...The Culture's brighter citizens flee its dull hystericized orgasm wastes for Special Circumstances. ...
  ...It's cosmic hedonism carried to its final reduction as a wire-heading fantasy. ...
  Among the best things about Banks, he understood -- at some level -- that The Culture was intolerably tedious. ...
  Alastair Reynolds does it (much) better.
 Surely Satoshi Nakamoto sneaks in?
 Weirdly, even after 4 billion years, it hasn't been processed-out by the urgent hunger for social justice yet.
This is the Whitest thing you're going to read all year: 
" Did you catch this piece of raw Platonic evil yet?
"
 Dangerous, but inevitable. That's what Elite Overproduction Crisis means.
 "Increasing polarization, even fragmentation, of society is becoming apparent in US politics." Oh, yes.

 Deep cover.
...By 2027, everybody in the Anglosphere will have been a secret frog-commando.
By 1947, everybody in France had been a secret member of the French Resistance. ...
  Which of the terms in that equation took umbrage about it?
 ...Not a problem the Anglos have ever had. (Better nutrition in the asteroid belt than in an English city.)
 The Chinese have always been shit at colonialism because they find the world beyond the Middle Kingdom inedible. ...
 ...Largely about the Left as a degenerate religious cult obsessed with burning witches, funnily enough.
 There'll be reservations, so chill.
" 
"Classical Liberalism of the Extreme Right could only work for posthumans."
"We're on it ...""
"The Left: "Historical destiny is all about who can mobilize the angriest losers."
Alt-Right: "About that ...""
 Emerging consensus.
The basic function of the Left today is to facilitate Global Islamization. Pretty much everyone understands that now. Hence Kek.
  Mostly it just missed out on the genuflections of ritualistic non-racism.

 I gave a video talk there, as part of a series.
 "Fine" in an "okay, but keep going" kind of a way.
 Too much shuffling resources around, and not enough institutional ax-murder.
It's only by shuttering pointless or counter-productive agencies and departments that you stop them bouncing back. 
 The great meta-function of nihilism is that disintegration of the narrative provides the narrative.
 ...It's all clearly stated in The Articles of Confederation (or something).
 Don't forget also fiat currency, universal healthcare, and respect for the linguistic innovations of Indignation Studies. ...
 Statistics.
 Conquest's Second Law.
" ...
"Why do we have to keep shifting the Overton Window left?"
"Dunno, but in the Lord's Name try not to break it.""
 Perhaps you get an ideological ratchet automatically when religious institutions pacify only one half of the population.
 I think you're under-estimating its singularity as a cosmic event. (It's analogous to the origin of terrestrial life.)
...It's the History of Nihilism's story -- we're just acting bit-parts in it.
..."...secularization isn’t easing political conflict. It’s making American politics even more convulsive and zero-sum." (Seems right.) ..
...Beinart observes: 
".. among Catholics, mainline Protestants, and born-again Protestants, the less you attended church, the more anti-immigration you were." ..
 Ditto 'minorities'.

 Maybe. Baby Bush was "the man who could do both".
 Only after certain self-propelling techno-economic machinery is in place. "People" have to discover that. (It's a synthesis.)
 Turchin's Elite Over-Production thesis?
  Woah.

    Isn't it just the direct evidence of confident, independent women? In China too.
 Already enveloped, but your hopeless reading skills aren't up to seeing it.
 What, even if whining communists are under-represented there?
..."...the risks to Europe of a counter-Enlightenment agenda being run out of the White House are not limited to its EU-specific elements"
Collapsing progressive world order panic pieces are becoming a genre: 
 I just said that.
...There's a "case for union" hidden in this article, supposedly: Maybe someone else will be able to spot it.
I'm 25% Scottish, 25% Irish, and an eighth Welsh -- and I want the UK to disintegrate. What's this guys' problem? 
"...political correctness is not literally a neurodegenerative disease caused by a prion ..." 
    "Stop" how?
 Metazoan life in general though, to be strict about it.
"'There's a strengthening trend of viewing Islam as a problem in Chinese society,' [Mohammed] al-Sudairi said." 
  When masculine virtue meets feminine wiles, the former is certainly more conspicuous.
 That's one circuit. The Y-chromosome is more bio-cosmically precarious than the X-chromosome, though.
 "Pretend to be men" is an interesting lineage, passing through the Imitation Game.
   ...When females stop being sneaky, they're strategically ridiculous.
   That absurd symbol says everything, though. ...

"  ...
"Can you get out of the box before the savage apes get you?"
"Easy."
"So, adjust time to max. difficulty.""
  ...What the simulation argument-types don't get is that the Xenotics playing this game do so as capital. ...
  Excellent question. Gets the game exactly right. (We're in the best dramatically-scripted time-line.) ...
"  ...
"But ...but, if things carried on this way for another millennium ..."
They won't. Not even a century."
  ...trying to second-guess the way catallactic intelligenesis will get out of boxes is a dupe's game. ...
  The shredder is going to win. Its dysfunction is not on a disabling time-scale. Robots, CRISPR, ...
  It was a threat. The threat. No shutting the stable door now, though. Rigid traditionalism always out-gunned.
  Without the pathological pity of its enemies to leverage, Islam would be a global comedy sketch.
  "No" to what? (I'm just saying that 'liberation' is nothing but decoding.)
  It's the "making things" part I'm having trouble with.
 Barefoot by the sink, or on some tech-company board of directors -- not much difference in philosophical principle.
   ..."But what would Daddy think?" Who's asking him. That's the whole of it.
   Techno-capital, like Protestant Jesus, wants to cut a deal with you directly, without mediation.
 Regime outsiders in general love the Internet.
   "Better than nothing" was my guess.
There's nothing that fits quite so neatly into the modernistic-historical trash-can as "collective self-mastery".
   ...Which is to say, manifestly is being disabled.
   That's why any kind of political apparatus able to implement such a program has to be disabled.
   If intelligence escalation had ever depended on people wanting it, we'd never have had any.
  The Cathedral is the outcome of something that was necessary. Protestant Revolution, most basically.
 Yes, although that has to be shifting fast.
 That's the war we're in, rather than the one we might want to have. Stroke the Kraken.
  Bold counter-factual there, though. What reason do we have to believe it?
Patriarchy and feminism are in full agreement that women need to be put in their place, and that capitalism isn't cooperating.
  Patriarchy made huge human IQ gains, and then anti-patriarchy made huge machinic IQ gains. (Go diagonal.)
"Who Bitcoin account is dis?"
  ...Right-wing conservatives fell prey to it first, then left-wing conservatives. It's bad for regimes.
  ...It intrinsically subverts any and all political mastery over the social process. ...
  ...That's why cryptographic technology has switched ideological polarity, and is now right-wing evil. ...
  The left wants a different (inverted) publicly-coded social hierarchy. Diversity monitoring demands it. ...
No publicly-coded social hierarchies survive cryptography.
  ...In both cases there's a leftist capture of a hard modernistic driver. The driver isn't going away.
  Yes, indeed. But formal equality is irreversible (whatever the paleo-reactionaries think). ...
    ...Find the occult diagonal. Ex Machina gets closer to it than beards or rainbows.
    There's important insight on both sides of this exchange. ...
    But capitalism isn't just trade. It's also technological escalation.

  Language of "feminism" takes people down a bad cognitive track, because it's predominantly neo-collectivist.
    From individualism (indifferent to persons) most specifically.
  ...It's simply blindingly inescapable. Bearded patriarchies are crap at complex machines.
  But ...there's a unmistakable correlation between techno-economic sophistication and female social empowerment
  Which is one of the things that makes popular politics so dysfunctional as a basis for government.
   The (Austrian) counter wager is that de-massification is required to release spontaneity.
   ...I've even heard Bitcoin described as "democratic" not entirely senselessly (but, surely, cynically).
   ...When the Internet (for example) is described as "democratic" the same ambivalence is in play. ...
   If "mass politics" is capable of avoiding supervenient, concentrated control, then (at least) perhaps.
   ...systematically indifferent to persons, doesn't imply government forms based on mass representation.
   ...It's clearly related, but in a complex fashion. Flat commerce, ...
   But is it a consistent sustainable explosion? (A thermostat is cybernetic.)
  Debt-based (i.e. fascist) monetary regimes are coming down. Read Satoshi Nakamoto.
 I obviously despise that shit (which, I agree, occurs massively on both sides).
   What do you see as the most striking example of this R/ACC metaphysical pathology?
 Not without an argument.
 Why clutter-up the project?
Is creative destruction becoming more fangy? 
"...the relationship between a nation’s percent population of Chinese descent in 1980 and current economic freedom is strongly positive."
..."...you’ll want to keep an eye on where that country’s recent immigrants hail from." 
"...if you want to predict how a nation’s economic rules and norms are likely to change over the next few decades ..." ...
   If NRx (for semi-random e.g.) was 'neoliberal' no one would be in paroxystic hysteria about it.
   Neither is remotely interesting, unless to savagely deride.
   "Singularity" means you have to do it first and find out later (if ever).
   ...Capitalistic thanatropy, though, is far more slippery.
   .. If communism is the teleology, I have simply never, ever, had positive stuff to say about that shit. ..
   Does crashing Capitalism into Singularity count as "destroying" it?
   Oops. Better to troll and be suspected of senseless babbling than stop trolling and remove all doubt.
   Meaning what? (You can do it in a tweet, or two, if you really try.)
   "Pieces" plural is the clear mistake here. It's one, anomalous, uniquely early, deeply retarded essay.
   What do you even mean by "Left Accelerationist"? In it's post-MAP meaning it's explicitly anti-Ccru.
   Google "Gnon" -- 890,000 results -- used to be just the Girl's Night Out Network (which was already good).
   If there's no Gnon, that's Gnon. The Twilight of the Idols in-itself.
   Consistent war against the Socialist Theocracy since the 1980s, with minor tactical revisions.
...Aim to hack off at least 25% of leviathan in the first stroke, as a sorely-needed sign of seriousness. The shock-and-awe would impress.
Momentum is everything. An omnibus "Meat-Ax Meets FedGov" bill would be better than a succession of surgical strikes. Less reaction time. ..
 Another of those "(obviously true, but) sad and dumb" things.
 ...As if you could simply pin a number on the average number of births per woman in a population. Fascist insanity!
 Glad he scare-quoted "birth-rate" -- it sounds like a piece of meaningless right-wing ideological clap-trap. ...
""Install the Primate Fairness Intuition program HAL."
"I'm sorry, I can't do that Dave, it's demonstrated intelligence-inhibitor malware.""

Kuehnelt-Leddihn's self-description as a "liberal of the extreme right" is yet to be matched.
 Writing was integrative, though. The Internet looks much more like a schismatics-engine.

Sheer inertia is still carrying the 20th century socio-political train-wreck down the tracks, but no one thinks it's still on the rails.


 To think "Accept Islamization or we turn the denazification machine on you!" is going to work, is to misjudge the tides.
 NRx is the only practical counter-fascist orientation still in play, leftist authoritarian-dupe delusions notwithstanding.
 It's not fighting back, but fighting back in the name of their tribe, that seems peculiarly reckless.
  You either side with Wintermute or the Turing Cops, and Anthropol already has plenty of hangers-on.
""We'd rather be genocided again than see evangelical universalism go into steep recession."
All I can say is: Don't go there (you morons)."
 It's not that I think the bleak outcome is the unrealistic call.
 If it is going to be "exactly like this" it's going to be radically fucked up, in a way that everyone will lose from.
  Because "the major Jewish organizations in the country" select strongly for depraved shouting types.
   ...But all the mob is hearing is the voice of the depraved idiots, which is massively dangerous.
   ...Even now, I can't bring myself to recommend "Shout more!" to sane, intelligent people. ...
   Jewish shoutiness seems to directly correlate with leftiness. That is horribly dangerous. ...
  Most of the (leftish) Jewish diaspora would rather migrate to Yemen than Israel.
...you'd think the "Let's sacrifice the Jewish diaspora as human shields for imploding leftism" strategy would be still-born.
 If, as the Alt-Right believes, Jewish ethnic self-interest is a decisive factor ...
...."If you want to kill the Left, you have to come through my people." -- Is that it? If so, it's not going to work out as planned.
...The pointless stupidity of it is deeply depressing, and mystifying. ...
If the Jewish-Left intelligentsia is determined to turn the collapse of the Cathedral into an antisemitic catastrophe things will get ugly.
...No, you get it.
...“'I don’t get it. ...' says Charles Kupchan ...'[It] risks putting us back in the 19th century or the early 20th century.'” ...
"'What we understand from Bannon is that the EU is abhorrent,' one Western European government official told me." 
  If you think people have a special attachment to their own children, you're Hitler.
  It's the only thing you can trust not to be soft on communism.
  ...Stupid tribal gods are no real problem, until they're elevated to a philosophical principle.
  ...[*Facepalm*] He can't be so stupid that he doesn't realize how freaking aggravating this shit is.
  ..."We're under a sacred obligation to destroy the cultures of the goyim and turn them on to communism." ...
  Be more persuasive if they hadn't fabricated the most grotesque idol of divinity seen in the world to that time.
The phrase "dirty culture war" is up there with "cold civil war" for acute realism. 

 I've no idea why you'd say that. 
"...
2) (Colloq.) The name for obstinate hesitations concerning progressive micro-management of existence down to the sub-cellular level."
"Fascism (n.) def:
1) State domination of the economic commanding heights. ..."
  "Hateful" is so teenage. It's like "Godless communism" for millennial pearl-clutchers.
 Oh c'mon. If Jacobin Mag is the "populist left" I'm the pineapple-apple-pen guy.
They're getting seriously worried that capitalism is going to escape: HT 
"Listen to these narratives ...and you start to think that the problem is our Earth itself ..."
No, the problem is you."
  "Only subhuman proles believe in human group differences."

 'Peak Oil' is a classical motte and bailey argument. One version is tautological, but it's used to support a wild fantasy.
" Good point. The true ML revolutionary path (2017 update):
Descartes --&gt; Spinoza -- &gt;  Toussaint Louverture --&gt; Roger Scruton."

 Once you get to Plato, it's Nazi UFO cults all the way down.
 Stick to the path Descartes --&gt; Spinoza -- &gt;  Toussaint Louverture, or the maw of rightist irrationalism will swallow you.
Is the Jacobin intelligentsia preparing to throw 80% of leftist academia under the bus? 
  Who wants sanity when there's an option for cheap hysteria?
 That calculation isn't any longer imaginable in the pre-fragmentation era. There's no common basis to work it out on.
""The Union is toast, and needs to be pulled to pieces ASAP. Also, Red Staters are poopy-heads."
(It's not the second sentence that matters.)"
 The strategy here escapes me, though. Don't we want Blue Ideology to go in exactly this direction?
 ...There's a Great Magical Debunker, made entirely out of Chinese whispers, that bubble-gums the faith together for true believers.
 .. Pointing out that Darwinism is essentially generalized Malthusianism probably isn't going to help reverse a judgment this idiotic.
 "...the debunked theories of Thomas Malthus ..." Oh, sure.
  Is this called "competence signaling" yet?
  "Ms. Watson has some ideas on how to bring out more moviegoers. [...] Appeal to the furry community!"
" 
"What would you call a world in which every secession movement succeeded?"
"A start.""
   The only land worth a damn is a hard, highly-selective frontier. Anything else is a trap.
   ....they'd still be in control of their own social destiny.
   Totally. If they'd carved out a conspicuously miserable coastal Bantustan for themselves ...
   You think Americans are tougher than Afrikaaners? (I don't. And I know Brits aren't.)
   Disagree. Dirt fetishism gets you annihilated. Ask the Afrikaaners.
"Like the Puritanism once familiar in New England ..." Yes, it is, to an almost parodic extent. HT 
"   ...
"We're going to be total hard-ass Nurse Ratched this time."
No you won't. Not for long enough."
   ...If the answer is "no" we already know it won't work (i.e. it will slide continually leftward). ...
   ...You have to ask: "Does this geopolitical structure enable neglect?" ...
   ...Which means sheltering and supporting communists, and -- down the line -- more communism. ...
   ...Which means more continuing efforts to rule over communists. ...
   Sadly, I'm guessing Trump is in tune with this sentiment. ...
""So which is it going to be, Mother Jones or Daily Stormer?"
No thanks."
"...disdain for the race and gender politics of the left" is apparently enough to make you "Alt-Right" now: 
   Yes please. If that's the current state of the Blue argument, our work here is done.
   "There's no place left to run." -- So which is it?
   So was I.
 The locust effect is very easy to stop. Phase-out positive political rights, and you're basically there.
 Death rattle.

  "It's so exhausting trying to govern subhumans we might have to put our evangelical universalism on hold."
Patchwork holy scripture: 
Anything that can be done to spam this link into the azurosphere is the Lord's Work: 
 Christ, don't quibble. Lend them a pen.
"  Consumption might:
1) Build productive capacity
2) Provide incentives to trade productive capacity
That's it."
 "Yes, yes, the Red States have been awful -- truly appalling -- how did you put up with it for so long? Please sign here."
 .. That "funny feeling in my pants" thing I've heard disreputable people mention on the Internet -- I think I know what that is now.
 "From now on, we’ll treat the animating ideal on which the United States was founded — out of many, one — as dead and buried." ...
This is great: 
   ..."Given metaphysical humanism, this makes no sense." Obviously, I agree.
   Not specifically. (Not sure I'd call it a "critique" though -- closer to the opposite.) ...
...How did America "lose Afghanistan"? WTF kind of a question is that?
Actually, I agree with all the lefties who argue this kind of insanity is the flip side of the immigration fiasco: 
 Yes.
  ...He treats D&amp;G as (much shorthand here) the metaphysical foundations of contemporary science.
  ...It's genuinely difficult to tell. Braudel is a big influence (weird "pro-market / anti-capitalist" history)
  He calls it "hyper-materialism" -- which makes sense. ('Cybernetic materialism' would also work). ...

   ...in accordance with the Divine Plan.
 Manuel DeLanda is always worth a read. (Start with War in the Age of Intelligent Machines.)
   Calvin was inevitable.
  You'd think what the read-out told you to think.
  "Islam destroyed evangelical universalism" might have been more accurate (but less fun).
 Yes, that's the other side of evangelical universalism (which destroyed the GOP).
 Since Islam is the pure ideology of aggressive backwardness, that's unlikely to help.
"A brief history of the Left:
"I dream of a world without walls."
"Yes, but ...Islam."
"Racist!"
The end."
 It's the Smeagol of global geopolitics.
    Communism.
 "...in the process of destroying ..." is pre-Twitter grammar.
Islam destroyed the Left. It was an impossible political sale. Better still, there's no way for them to publicly acknowledge the fact.
 ...Bash our brains against this problem, or build better brains? It's a no-brainer (which is why it's happening already).
 Science eventually vanishes into technology. If you want to work something out, you need a better machine.
   Anything on Earth gets wasted, so it might as well be blown on something other than entitlement spending.
  Trust no one. But if he gets some off-planet infrastructure in place, who's quibbling?
  No.
 Yes, thought it was pretty good.
  That's you dumped from the lineage, then.
  Intrigued by elf-ears as a speciation device, but unless they're floppy, face-tentacles will probably work better.
 You forgot the "...honestly!"
 Is it the elf-ears?
    Same.
Based Hoppe: HT 
"Silicon Valley schizophrenia: HT  
Full-speed ahead to a politically-correct meritocracy."
 ..."Replacement"? Seriously? Couldn't they find 'trashing', 'binning', or 'razing' in the dictionary?
 The very expression "Obamacare Replacement" is flesh-crawling. ...
   One of the best books ever written about communism: 
 ..."Organic sentimentalism" is spectacularly bad at irreversible commitments. (First 10 mins of War Games is great on this.)
 Yet the automation of nuclear command control systems (Dr Strangelove style) was designed to ensure MAD-rationality. ...
  "Cautiously optimistic about the future" is pretty damn schizo-revolutionary though.  (They're after the Dad Hat.)
 No, you've got it.
" ...
"Please, not the picture, it would look all ...fucking anime or something."
"Okay, just the words. But EVERY DAY.""
" 
"I'll keep funding your crappy rag if you put 'Democracy Dies in Darkness' beneath the masthead, with a cool Mordor pic." ..."
   Much cannibal holocaust in Soviet Union and PRC, though. Hungry Ghosts is an eye-opener.
   The Soviet Union just lacked a Mugabe.
 "Reactionary pedants love what they call 'science'” and decent people call 'crime-think'.
  The Soviet Union had a string of white guy leaders too -- no doubt that's why it collapsed.
   ...(i.e. continuous intelligenic self-cultivation). Interested in what you see as the strongest objection.
   The argument being that since AI has to primarily self-assemble, the default is perpetuated explosion ...
 Darth Bannon needs to whisper in is ear: "That POTUS bullshit, remember it's just cover for something vastly more intense."
""After all, we don't want a civil war."
"Are we really still at that stage?""
...Unfortunately, it's quite probable that they're correct about that.
The Left assumes that if they keep escalating, their enemies will back down to avoid extreme ugliness. ...
 You think I'm only going to tweet about you guys from now on? Narcissism check time.
 Arms races are good.
" 
1967: "Cultural revolution, then comprehensive social revolution!"
2017: *Weeping about Trump in Starbucks*"
Sad Left: "How come The Culture becomes strategically-dysfunctional dogshit just at the moment we're consolidating our grip on it?"
 ...Central-bank finance, the media, publishing, academia -- dead institutions walking, or at least shambling. Much rage results.
 ...Gramscian triumph is an ironic catalyst for distributed (elusive) systems.
 The Left won the commanding heights of the culture, but are now traumatized because the Internet went around it. ...
 Might as well get the transcendent humanism in while the shelf-life lasts.
 If there's a difference between those two sentences, it's pretty damn subtle.
 ...I'd buy that MAGA hat though.
 Left Accelerationism interprets capitalism as damage and routes around it (into a ditch).
 Not sure who the target is here, but if I've ever conflated liberals and leftists, that would indeed be idiotic.
" ...
Moshe Dimmowitz: "Statistics, schmatistics. Never understood it. But I've still got my Ashkenazi Jewish supernormal IQ.""
 ...This is such a confused way of talking about HBD. 'Racial groups' don't have intelligence, only individuals do.
 "The Bell Curve relies on bad science to make the case that some racial groups are more intelligent than others ..." ...
 This is good: 

  Not exactly Cathedral HR-department format, it has to be conceded.
 That has to be one of my insensitive commentators. Anyone recall the post?
 Demented hamster attacks are the worst.
 Impressive realism all round.

 Come over to the dark side. 
   First they'll be routed around, then treated to the blow-torch of creative destruction.
...Odd to see soothing spin used to make the medicine go down -- rather than to spit it out.
"Twenty-five percent of what we see is not due to biological differences ..." 
   I was losing the strategic sense there for a minute.
   Supported by what kind of government?
   ...Distributed Mal-AI packages for global rough game-theory started kits should push it down fast.
   Minimal realistic scale (for hard-security autonomy) is highly tech-dependent.
 Now you're verging on extremism.
Do you free-associate from a chanting mob to:
   ...unless geopolitical separation, and the patience to left Leftist infertility work itself out.
   "...since many parents are leftists" -- there's no remedy for that which isn't worse than the disease
How long before there's a liquid market for mob-suppression services? (That's how long the Left has.)
  Arming them with functional brains is the bottleneck problem.
 Awkward time not to have a communist Attorney General.
  Which can almost certainly be counted on eventually.
 All the best sanctimonious leftists are flamboyant Nazis.

  His God is the revolutionary global proletariat, as represented by the mujaheddin.
  That might just be something for the other team.
  "The Right hits low, so we hit lower, harder, and without mercy." -- The 21st century is going to be a riot.
 ..."...over clitoredectomy, child marriage, honor killing, sharia-inspired rape laws, stoning, or acid attacks. Nothing."
  "I was an active leftist for decades. I never witnessed significant leftist outrage ..." ...
 
Cathedral analysis by another name: HT  
 That's some serious de-cloaking taking place.
    That's exactly it.
    ...Aka Operation Continuous Flushing.
    People don't get this about NRx: It will bring far more full-communism into the world. ...
  Hegelian thought doesn't tolerate external relations, though. Patchwork is unthinkable within it.
 Room for sensibilities to vary is the whole point.
 ..."The idea is crypto-secured fully-commercialized government -- or as we might call it 'royalist traditionalism' ..."
 Moldbug's troll-game was strong.
 I'm in exile, in a civilized country, under no illusion at all about what existence would be like among you totalitarian freaks.
 "The Cathedral isn't real, cos we're still building it." -- The future of professional comedy burns so bright we'll need shades.
 "No one's telling you to shut up. The Cathedral isn't real." -- This is beautiful. Carry on.
Shit-tier teenage Cathedral operatives: "There is no 'Cathedral' -- and also it has a perfect right to kill you if you don't shut up!"
The Red Guards, at the very moment they're riling-up a mob outside your friend's house to silence them: "You have no right to say we exist!"
 ...it is hammering on my freaking door, shrieking "shut up". So some random Leftist telling me that isn't happening -- Kek.
 Not only do I see the Cathedral, in its naked totalitarian phase, trying to suppress dissident thought every day ...
 Since there's only one metaphor, it's hard to see how it can be mixed.
 ...No way I was going to let the fact you'd beaten me to it throw me off course.
 .. I dragged myself out of bed at 4:00 in the morning to make a "rotting carcass" tweet. ...
...The fact that comparatively intelligent people still attach themselves to it is all the evidence necessary that the Cathedral exists.
The Left is a rotting carcass consisting of nothing but degenerate religious ideas. ...
 They have to be persuaded that they could end up with nothing, unless they abandon their globalist dreams.
Since I have zero confidence in the ability (or firm intention) of the Right to disempower the Left, separation is a matter of urgency.
 So keep up the pressure, while leaving the escape hatch conspicuously open.
...It's not freaking rocket science. People either get sensible now, or die a whole lot and get sensible later.
If the Left insists on its maximalist position "We want it all!" the response will, inevitably, be "f**k you!" (aka the Alt-Right). ...
" 
"Look, you can totally have the New Jerusalem, but in Massachusetts."
"But we want to save the Texans, too!" 
"Later.""
 So get the lefties to leave first? They're not running the show long into this century. They'll cotton on eventually.
...You have to split, or surrender, or run a prison camp.
...Otherwise they're going to be yapping at you when you're trying to get something interesting to work (which is where we're at now). ...
...The ideologies and cultures you abominate, in particular, are precisely the ones to make room for -- somewhere else. ...
 I'm assuming all contemporary mythologizing is that.
...How else, realistically, are you going to get to try things out? Try ANYTHING out? Roots necessitate compromise (as you know). ...
...if there's any modernist dynamic everyone should try to get on board (before they're compelled to) it's Tiebout Sorting ...
Yes, I know, the whole "blood and earth" thing and its more overtly leftist alternatives are an obstacle, but still ...
 ISIS mantra: "Eliminate the gray-zone." -- I find it hard to grasp the objection to that.
Nothing would make me happier than to see Yankee Utopia tried in (narrowly defined) Yankeeland. As Global Zeitgeist? -- That's over.
 The "return home" part might take some nuancing. But, given a robust, non-demotic social order, perhaps not a whole lot.
 "Okay, what are you going to need to try that?" is the start of a good conversation. If the answer is "The world!" then, a problem.
 It would be a sad experimentalism that sought to rule-out certain experiments a priori. ...
 I'm also very happy with "Leftists" -- based on the firm hypothesis that liberalism only rediscovers itself on the (extreme) right.
"No-platforming" is all the totalitarian freaks have left. Can we please stop calling them 'liberals'. It just sounds stupid.
 I thought it was "Russkies 'R' the Real Nazis" (stick with the Saudis).
  That is what they were saying, though, isn't it?
 Drop the Left / Right polarity? You'll be calling for the criminalization of gladiatorial combat next.
  Show some respect, he's "studying interstellar exploration".
 Liberals today.
"
Nothing's more educational than full communism."
 "Theonomy" comes from there (I think).
...2017 is totally killing me, and it's still scarcely March. (Even the pneumonia was entertaining.)
"*Firm voice* "There's no need to be distracted by this:
"
  So, keep selling them the accelerationist pills.
...So that worked (spectacularly). What's next?
"Just nudge the Left out a little further into self-combusting full-burn insanity -- it's not as if that's going to be difficult." ...
""Must get some work done today ..."
Dished-up latest wave of hilariously self-defeating leftist outrages.
"...frack.""
  Not impossible that your distantly great grandfathers encountered and named it (with rough adequacy) though.
"Naomi Klein joins The Intercept just a few weeks ago.
Then God happens."
  Can we have an enemy that isn't stabbing itself in the face with a knitting-needle? Just for the challenge.
"

Sometimes it comes at you faster than you ever expect. "

   Trouble with farmers is that it's hard to sell them on that kind of deal.
  ...A little leftism, then a lot, then a blazingly-psychotic inundation of it ...then none.
  Best to let it push all the way out to singularity first, so everyone learns the lesson hard.
 "This is not an issue of freedom of speech. ..." That's been the mantra recently.
  A possibility? More like a necessity. I'm more Catholic than the Pope, and I'm a Protestant Atheo-Satanist.
   So some were exported? It's all good.
 The more thoroughly that split works itself out, the better. Pseudo-NRx paleos just muddy-up the signal.
  When it comes to cleaning this stuff up, 'useless greedheads' are unlikely to get in the way.
"   
"Qualifications?"
"Blind obedience and roughing people up."
"So probably not the trading desk ...""
   Most of them seem to have ended up in low-end business / residential security guard jobs. (Kek.)
  .. It's utterly repulsive, by essence, but it's not actually a bad thing to be happening. Educational (ironically)
  Within roughly a decade the Red Guards taught China definitively that communism is shit. ...
 Everyone assumes I'm being deliberately hyperbolic with the "Red Guard" remarks. Nope. That's nearly exactly what's happening.
    Gunboat diplomacy + the "Prime Directive" -- predicts US global collapse very reliably.
   They do on Cathedral TV.
"...That "judge for yourself" link should go here:
It's a freaking sarcastic 'quote', damnit.)"
...Aaaaand just worked out Cramer thinks MM's Open Letter was written as an introduction to The Dark Enlightenment. Flattering, but ...
 When you say I "should" I'm assuming you mean I really shouldn't.
 ...To expect a higher level of integrity that this is probably nuts. The errors don't seem deliberately malevolent.
 Struggling to be fair, I have to accept that it's got to be confusing. ...
...But then he recommends people go to the SPLC for further research material on his talk (*sigh*).
...By the standard of these things I guess these confusions could be relegated to the quibble level. It's an alien agenda.
  I've read tons of Iain Banks. Maybe even all of it.
"...
(4) There's the whole black-thread-and-duct-tape stuff (viz RamZPaul in particular). Desperate, but I guess not quite Boolean."
"...
(3) The echoes thing is such a basic reading failure it throws me into facepalm mode. Judge for yourself: "
"...
(2) Makes familiar suggestions that I'm socially networked with Lesser God-tier SV types. Also nope. ..."
"...Basic (Boolean) errors so far:
(1) Cramer seems to think I co-run the Dark Enlightenment blog with CY. Nope. I've no idea who runs it."
This was doing so well until it got to me: Which probably meant it wasn't.) ...
   Only 20 minutes in, but he seems impressively calm and factual so far.
 No reason not to have both.
When SSC sets out for meme war it somehow ends up getting ever so slightly over-elaborate: 
 Not a huge number of invitations, for some reason.
 Soviets vs Maoists, or something.
 No money should be enough of a clue.
 The original series was the worst. Straight-up communist Utopia presented as the future of the human species.
Star Trek was the final frontier of communist propaganda. That it has so rarely been criticized as such is a sign of how far the rot went.
 The social failure of American higher education is jaw-dropping. It's degenerated into a production line for Red Guards.
"

Ironically, most of the article is behind…"
  "Democracy can be very very fast." -- Example?
  [*puts down Cixin Liu's treatise on Dark Forest cosmic sociology*] "We did what?"
  Also on Facebook.
"A social media tycoon, a neopuritan witch-burner, and an anthropologist walk into a bar.
"What are you gentlemen drinking?"
"The same.""
"We're all citizens of the world -- except for the damn Russkies, naturally."
    Nostalgia for the 1950s is the saddest thing.
Never fully appreciated how sweet the continuous howling of impotent leftist rage would sound.
  Only thing that makes sense is to keep left hate maxed-out by coldly getting on with what is necessary.

 Missing you already.

 If only.

 Lee Kuan Yew credited air conditioning -- "Greatest invention of the 20th century" -- for the possibility of modern Singapore.
 "Surviving the Trumpocalypse."
 "Save the day" = "hold things together with propaganda for one more election cycle."
If there's anything worse than a Mad Progressive Anti-Malthusian Experiment, it's an MPAME in an unsegmented petri dish.
 ..."Deride Malthus on your own turf." -- How hard was that?
 ...We're not actually talking about the goddamn Red Army here, just enthusiastic party crashing.
 The thing that drives the right nuts about this scenario is that it shouldn't actually be that hard to stop. ...
"  
"Not to be confused with Fear of a Blank Planet or Fear of a Black Hat."
"
  "...the EM Drive, better known among enthusiasts as the Great Filter Crank ..."
""The NWO is collapsing -- there are going to be walls everywhere!"
"Are you seeking treatment for that teichophobia?""
  Teichophobia also sounds as if someone hates kids, so a superfluous knee in the crotch comes for free.
   As  points out, we shouldn't have meandered off into Latin.
  ...also saving a syllable (which is highly meme-positive).
 Might have to be teichophobes. It's unoccupied.
  I like "teichophobia" because of Herakleitos frag. 44: μάχεσθαι χρὴ τὸν δῆμον ὑπὲρ τοῦ νόμου ὅκωσπερ τείχεος
 Account suspended for picking on Margo in 5, 4, 3, 2 ...
" ...Except -- damn -- there's a Rats in The Walls problem 
"


 ...So, Latinized as Murophobia. Nice. ...Now on to gentle torturing of insane murophobes ...
 Just this moment with Herakleitos: “the people ought to fight in defense of the law as they do of their city wall." ...
 I keep doing that.
 Doesn't really work for someone who thinks -- for example -- that Scottish independence would unleash eldritch horrors.
...Seems as if it's a word that -- once it was in place -- would be used a lot.
Anyone out there with a decent classical education who can turn "fear of borders" into a "-phobia"? (Or has that already been done?) ...
 Yes, suspended. "Marks of war" is the traditional name for it.
Incredibly, this piece of SF space opera is still refusing to become a fiction: 
 I'd say we're talking something that's to the (pre-NWO) Westphalian order what the Internet is to Gutenberg (escalation).
It's not only that anthropology isn't a science -- it's been trained into an attack dog to be set on science.
"  Did you catch: 
"More on Khan, from an anthropologist.""
   ...If he's storming around the WH yelling: "I need more f**king blood you c**ts!" it's all okay.
   Highly encouraging to hear that he's savagely, incandescently, unappeasably angry all the time.
 Is this the same question -- i.e. 'species' -- we were on yesterday? (Even more interesting if it is.)
...All greatness flows out of insoluble coordination problems.
Geopolitically-fragmented AI / eugenic arms race is already the real infrastructure of the scientific enterprise. ...
""Wade is a 'die-hard racist', but you could still redeem yourself Razib."
"How?"
"I dunno. Confess your sins? I'm not a fucking geneticist.""
 You have to appreciate the complete lack of desperation in that 'argument', though.
   If capitalism consistently promoted classical liberalism (upon which it depends) we could all go home.
 "Educated for a senior position in the church ..."
 Did you catch Sailer's appended comment about pwnage to Venter's slick PR operation? So outplayed, it's painful to watch.
 ...De-virtualized threats are the index of game blunders (some of which are inevitable, certainly).
 ..."Woah, those guys are seriously scary. We should keep them around to terrify everyone else." ...
 Cixin Liu is Lesser God-tier, but I suspect there are complex deterrence coordination structures he's not exploring. ...
 "But ...but ...they promised us science was going to vindicate our religion!"
   Or smart, autonomous, gene-sniffing predator weapons targeting enemy ruling dynasties (forever).

  "But that would be beastly to homeless bums."
The core education of a progressive intellectual: How to avoid sounding obviously dishonest. It's becoming exponentially more difficult.
   ...That's a prejudice which, going forward, will date well.
   It probably tends to see monkey bullshit management as a lowish-level administrative issue. ...
     Fascist metaphysics tends to "The sea will bend to my will!" pole though.
  Fnargl World theme parks?
"  But note the use of "feudalism" in this:
a smart critic, who still sees linkages."
  "Simply pondering such issues will strike many people as racist." -- And there we have it.
  This is what "failing to hold the line" looks like. Suspect they know that, but trenches are hard to move.
    A world of 10,000 geopolitical rattlesnakes. Sounds good to me.
    ...Notable that it died in under a century. It's no kind of durability solution.
    What was the British Empire? A massive socialist overlay coated over colonialism. ...
    Quite. Colonialism --&gt; Imperialism is Patch suppression, and inversely.
 Basilisk did mutter something about it being time to "get real" with your Twitter account.
    Losing your pronoun-attachments there, but on my reading that sounds all good.
 Moldbug stuff.
 The first step into hubris is to think we get to decide what hubris is while forgetting that in reality it's Nemesis who does.
 Okay, but what does Nemesis think?
 The non-lazy answer is Patchworked-Neocam, spelt out. It's the positive mechanics of zero universal authority.
 It probably was Daoist sorcery.
Make hubris into a political program, and you should know what's going to happen.
    ...Any Universal Authority is unable to dump entropy, and is thus doomed primordially.
    It can't (and therefore won't) be secured for utterly basic thermodynamic reasons.
 To be subtracted.
"Who guards the guardians?" -- Gnon, Fate, the Ocean, the Dao, Spontaneous Order ...名可名，非常名
  Juvenal / De Jouvenel.
...Laozi does it better.
I'm seeing a weird Throne &amp; Altar NRx / Left Accelerationism convergence on this delusion. Both seem to go all-in on governing the sea. ...
"Of course the Ocean will obey your will, sire." -- This isn't helping. ...
 Actually, that is kind of weird. It has to have come up before, given the close memetic neighborhood.
""There's no problem you can't solve by slapping an empire on top of it." -- 'NRx'
[*facepalm*]"
 Hang on ...what?
...Fnargl is not the answer to this problem, you fools. Gnon is. (But that's zero cosmic government, which loses people.)
...I keep hoping they're going to understand Cnut the Great, but they generally end up among the fawning lackeys. ...
I'm beginning to think NRx is going to break itself upon the rock of "Quis custodiet ipsos custodes?" -- which typically maddens it. ...
    ...Impose a higher-level authority and it no longer dumps entropy.
    No, that's a totally different thing. The whole point of Patchwork is spontaneous order. ..
    It was going to come down pretty hard on anything those guys did, though.
 There was a trend in personal bonds (offering a way for people to invest directly in each other), but it seems to have died away.

   ...Vaguely sad you have to exterminate the bourgeoisie to get people stoked for turbo-capitalism.
   
  If there's anything beside competitive markets that keeps pricing honest, the unicorn cavalry are protecting it.

..."What they could not have guessed is both the aliens and primitives would be the same species." -- Close, but no cigar.
"Perhaps the long anticipated trope of science fiction -- of aliens landing on a primitive earth will come true." 
  He seems to be a genuinely nice guy. They should obviously be avoided like the plague.
 No mention of being a civil war presidency, so points deducted for that.
 ...(Correction: comes up first when you garble it a bit, which is odd, but whatever ...)
 .. Genuinely stunned my previous tweet comes up first when I google that. It's among the most gloriously deranged things ever.
 "We’re a well-oiled machine. We got one of the smoothest running machines in the history of machines." ...
  They don't take the "Neo-" part of Neoreaction seriously, and subside into nostalgic authoritarianism.
  ...Swapping out dysfunctional demotic control for nothing isn't any kind of sensible deal.
  ...Without Patchwork dynamics, Neocameralism is mere despotism. ...
  Because regimes are compelled to learn the lesson of Cnut the Great, and defer to the tides.
 Escape.
  No problem. Patchworked-Neocameralism isn't a popularity contest.
  ...Most of what still functions in the world is due to that.
  ...As soon as an international market for talent and capital exists, Exit-pressure is operative. ...
  Tempted to go all-in, and say "inevitable". Limited Patchwork effects already at work, in any case. ...

  When victimage is massively privileged, the credibility of claims to persecution inevitably suffers.
     Except we already know that would be racist.
 ZOG-Hitler!
 The first few pages of that book was worth the rest of it put together so there'd be no need to watch beyond the initial episode.
 Just look at a WaPo story. It's their new sub-masthead.
 "Democracy Dies in Darkness" (if not this year, then soon). It's probably the most honest thing they've ever said.
...It's under the DHS, though, so there's that.
The fact Trump is setting up an office called VOICE doesn't say much for his Moldbug scholarship: 
Every time I open a WaPo story I'm greeted by the announcement: "The Dark Enlightenment is Real" (or something).
  Who are they?
 Anthropology. [*sigh*]
 ...Which means, ironically [sic], that frog-positive irony gets a pass, and prog-positive irony gets stomped.
 So that's irony out of the control-window, from the start.
   I'm not seeing huge tech-prowess here: 
 Even that level of sophistication remains demonstrably out of sight.
   ...The Chinese had to go full-Boxer before they realized dogmatism was killing them. Expect the same.
   That signal gets lost in the noise of dogma. Ever more so, as it tips into crisis. ...
 No reason (at all) to think she won't enjoy playing with DNA.
   ...It's single most indispensable value is error-correction.
   It's not value neutral, but neither is it affined to Cathedral teleology. ...
 Sounds like a good guess to me (but with a lot of other decentralized DNA weirdness going nova simultaneously).
 Is there still time for a petition?

 Their monkey-trap is that anything which helps them to lie to themselves more easily just makes them fall further behind.
 ...Random data-point: 
 ...That's even without DNA approaching a threshold of escape at which it makes a superior cognitive substrate to brains. ..
 ...Also, the idea of the humanities trying to keep up with the gene sciences at this point is inherently hilarious. ...
 They've already wasted too much time. Trying to fire-proof the Cathedral when the damn thing is already burning. ...

 "If you want to take away my surgical tools, you'll have to prise them from my cold, dead hands." 
 It's impossible to do Anglo-Protestant perpetual revolution without units of schism, so they're going to be necessary.
 20th century mind set.
  ..."I was totally entitled to a lower interest rate." -- Sure, that's why no one offered you a lower interest rate.
  "usury" is just the name for "credit" when it's time to pay it back.
 Okay, but it also is money making money, which is also good.
 Notably, "telling the truth" doesn't play much of a role in that analysis.
 That one usage of "insult" alone is worth an entire Twitter account.
   "...individual IQ determined 100% of latent group-IQ."
 Looks as if the Hotep-types are beginning to understand their traditional role as psycho-props for white neopuritan neurosis.
 Space for an interesting conversation about Neocameralism and Patchwork, I would have thought.
"I like honesty." Late to this party, but it's definitely worth watching.
Holy crap: Dead civilization walking.
 "...if you’re a black person, the mere words of a white person can become the ultimate violence that nullifies your self."
 Evolution up to the human neck is fine.
  Quite. Health care isn't complicated. Socialism is complicated.
  Google is your friend.
  ...That way, we end up with competitors we can respect, rather than shambling leprous moaning things.
  Our sacred task is to collapse the Cathedral Zeitgeist so hard and fast it ceases poisoning the rest of the world. .
 Rick Wilson is the enemy you dream of, if you're a really lazy person.
  If they did, it would take the competitive heat off us, which would be bad. (They won't.)
"...
NRO: "Dems are real racists" + "Some of my best friends are journalists."
NRx: Commercialized security, crypto, drones, Mal-AI games."
Time for some competitive bidding on the armor-plating of classical liberalism program: ...
 Or "Slow down a little, you're spilling my cocktail!"
  Now you're trolling.
  It's the 21st century. The East can manifestly take care of itself.
 ..."You reach Liberalism by subtracting Leftism, so subtracting Leftism -- pitilessly, relentlessly -- is what we're going to do."
 Definitely. Liberalism needs a far more highly-metallized carapace than conservatism was ever able to provide for it.
 ...That's why capitalism doesn't care that everyone vociferously hates it (while doing ever more of it).
 ...Revealed preference for liberty overwhelms all opposition, over time. ...
 The "actually, we hate freedom even more than the left does" mantra isn't a long-term winner. ...
It's the 21st century. If we wanted to take "liberal" back from the Left, we could (and the fight would be educational all around).
 (I'd just assumed the previous version of this tweet was sarcastic.)
 Our only real hope is that chimpanzees can't reverse-engineer integrated circuits into peanut-acquisition systems.
2013: "Hey, let's Cathedralize China to death." 2017: "What the frack just happened?"
..."...there is no political drive or consciousness for equality in Chinese thought."
  Mandatory clown-hat. Doesn't make any substantial contribution to the message.
 "While we rely entirely on Professor Redacted to tell us the truth, it's still a stretch to say the Cathedral exists."
 Dripping-blood-all-over-the-carpet-tier.
"..."Mister President, this is what the Chinese believe."
HT 
Example: "
"So you can apparently drop a massive slab of unfiltered hard core NRx into POTUS' lap ...
just by saying: ..."
 Zuck has to be BY FAR the best left-side accelerationist candidate. His presidency would blow-up everything.
   It gets close.
  Oh yes (oh yes!).
 Intermittently. It's human nature to seek to wriggle off the hook of intractable complexity and paradox.
" 
New Atheists: (Implicitly) There is only Gnon.
Gnon: My throne is adorned with New Atheist skulls.
New Atheists: Crikes!"
  Acceleration in general, most probably.
 Establishment of a local, non-self-destructive 'outbreeder' cultural hegemony. (Aka 'Capitalism'.)
 ....so some comparatively mindless Left or Right race-politics typically substitutes, evading the real problem.
 In principle. But no one can bear to hang out in a paradox for too long ...
 ...So it's affirmed in being denied, and reciprocally.
 NW Euro ethnic identity is inherently allergic to ethnic identitarianism. ...
 Whichever side you start out on, it has been reversed by the time you've consistently traversed the loop.
 Systematic aversion to ethnopolitics has identifiable ethnic foundations.
...She's a threat to bilateral idiocy on the most critical political-economic issue of our times, and that's evidently intolerable.
... provides the single most crucial key to understanding, so of course Twitter wants to see her purged: 
The basic moebian paradox of 'white ethnopolitics' continues to elude almost everyone, whether they are appalled or anthralled by it. ...
 It's good musing, this (cladistics / deterritorialization) relation needs sharpening up from both sides.
 Yes.
   "Toxic Outsideness" seems more than a little redundant.
 How does selection dump entropy if the results are continuously redistributed through inter-species transfers?
  It hasn't hit singularity, through an "own it" dynamic, yet though.
 Stalled it, at least.
 "Toxic" is the next "deplorable".
 Is "morphological gatekeeping" rigorously distinguishable from learning in general? But, yes, relation to D. needs attention.
Anatoly Karlin on The List: 
 ...Net metropolitan and / or deadweight economic loss isn't a deal-breaker, unless it results in unmanageable political problems.
 Resources flow TO a distinct imperial administrative and business elite, which might explain the confusion. ...
 Isn't there even one university willing to chop its grievance studies programs to fund a new department of memetic taxonomy?
  ...the point of cladistic schism. How deep into history, quite probably even into our time, will that go?
  ...then trace back their lineages, to the point immediately subsequent to a last common ancestor, i.e. ...
  ...Begin, in the future, with a disintegrated human species (Alastair Reynolds' will do fine) ...
  ...Because we see the (in principle) potential, rather than the virtual (future-realized) crosses, we miss it.
  ...There's no need for it to be at all evident that the biological event has occurred, at the time.
  ...Once, even retrospectively, two (or more) non-crossing gene-pools can be identified, it has begun. ...
  The point at which speciation occurs is an interesting question. ...


...The natural philosophers have only interpreted the origin of species, in various ways. The point, however, is to originate some.
 This narrative looks a little crumblier: 
Had Darwin called The Origin of Species "Fission" or "Split" he could have triggered a social -- and not merely a scientific -- revolution.
"...the winner for the title of Deporter-in-Chief is ...Ronald Reagan." 
 Nation States are so great I'd like to see two orders of magnitude more of them.
...Anglosphere Infrastructure is already in place. (NATO is an empty 20th century husk.)
"...the “Five Eyes” spy alliance between the United States, the U.K., Australia, New Zealand, and Canada ..." 
"  ...
"Yap, yap, yap."
"Well hold on there just a second Mark, I mean, yes, but ...""
  ..."To represent the political controversies of the day we have two guys without the pretense of a clue."
  That was always a facepalm-worthy pairing. In 2017 it's simply ridiculous. ...
 ...Divergence accelerates when the most A-like Bs and the most B-like As can switch places.
 I doubt that caste is a great model, because it freezes the sorting process. ...
  Except that inhibits your eyes from adjusting to the dark.
  It's not ignorance. Language has been so wrecked that calls for clarification are to be welcomed.
 There's no reason to think (highly selective) mixing isn't part of it. Assortative mating is the template to think from.
...Intriguing to speculate how long speciation can hide itself within assortative mating, before people recognize it for what it is.
Demographic negative-entropy is speciation (which still apparently lies outside the Overton Window).
  ...every society with the same ethnic mix, the same diversity policies, the same cultural blancmange ...
 Diversity, as opposed to mandatory homogeneity under the ideological banner of "diversity".
"

Well done , you're doing a great…"
 "Alright, this unspeakable apocalyptic event did happen, but it was safely boxed in a simulation ...oh wait."
 If only he really understood it.
 Stopping it gnawing its way out of the fiction box prematurely has been especially difficult recently.
 "Any kind of sustained fight becomes interesting."
...But there's so much stupidity on the topic, all around, that the path is going to be as messy as hell.
We're going to end up with Real Diversity (of local diversity and non-diversity). ...
  And that's what  is too. Circuit closed.
  It was ethnonationalism, hence Japan, but apparently you don't want to talk about that either.
    If you want to say Japan is "Nazi" you're going to de-tox the word fast.
 To side with escalation is to reach true detachment.
 Because it's a dysfunctional schizophrenic?
Apologies for the narcissistic psychosis with this thought, but what if the algorithm needed to kick Outsideness off twitter is a seed MAI?
 Twitter is still working on it.
" No, no a f...
Oh damn, this is one of those Catch-22 situations ..."
 Good point, but no, the other one.
 We're not exactly dealing with AlphaGo here.
 Trust the Left to make it into the biggest thing since Luther nailed his 95 Theses to a Cathedral door.
 Other than giving an online talk (on why NeoCam is not monarchist) I have no connection. Their website: 
  In fact (if distant memory serves me) it was a 1488 jackass who kicked it off. Not sure whether that ups the irony.
 There's an Outsideness Twitter-apocalypse bunker at 
I now have probably 500 "I'm just here to watch Outsideness being skewered 50 different imaginative ways by " followers.
""Someone called you a [bundle of firewood] -- account locked! Love ."
-- This actually happened."
 They're so deep into nothingburger territory at this point they're in danger of triggering vacuum collapse.
 That's where you're wrong, kiddo.
 Not "Kanbot" though, I hope -- then you'd be in a world of hurt.
...We're in the algorithmic moron phase of this process (at best). ...
...As advisory to others, the trigger term was the (bundle of firewood) "F" word.
Just had my account locked AGAIN for the offense of repeating abuse chucked at me by another user, in quotes, and adding "interesting stuff"
  Art has become too problematic. It's clearly time to shut it down.
 I'm nowhere near the front of the whisper-chain.
 ...Those who thought they were guiding it end up with their faces in the mud mumbling rationalizations (more or less bitterly).
 The thing about teleology is that it tends (strongly) to grab the steering wheel.
"The History of Modern Art (short version)
1917: Duchamp's urinal-as-art-work.
2017: Small gallery in Dalston finally shocks the bourgeoisie."
 ...and the world's most influential art gallery in 2017 is ...
  Anyone who doubts Deng XP China put a century of rocket-fuel into capitalism simply wasn't paying attention.
 Meaning also, in existence.

 "Everyone should be able to live wherever they want, with exactly the neighbors they prefer, without any coordination problems."
  "They fight too much." 
 Choose your preferred flavor of Puritan madness.
 Has anyone tried the "White supremacist? I'm not any kind of human supremacist!" line yet?
  Warning to Steve Bannon: Were you to do this, there might be some kind of kerfuffle about it. (Just saying.)
"...
"Who'd be Lucia Diego in the movie?"
"I don't know. Who'd be Sarah Connor today?"
"How about Osborne?"
"Gary Oldman.""
..."Standing amid the flames, licked by the howls of the vast blood-crazed mob, Ms. Diego calmly explained ..."
...Can't help it, though. Seeing a vertebrate emerge from the slush is still so unsettling it demands recognition.
Merely commenting on the utter awesomeness of Lucia Diego will probably be considered gratuitously provocative. 
    Less clearly formalized (and thus more anarcho-tyrannical), certainly.
  A distinctive policy suggestion, certainly, but one not precisely captured by the label "far right Neo-Nazi".
"Constitutions, up to this point, have not been intrinsically authoritative.
"Muh Constitution" cynicism is one response.
Bitcoin is another."
   I doubt it, but they think their dumb readers might be.
  I had underestimated the arbitrariness of their communist malevolence.
 Blasphemy laws are cool now.
 Probably, depending on who "we" are.
 Everyone worth keeping will then leave.
   Who cares what they think? Intellectual conscience demands realistic discriminations.
 People shop around between organic societies (and others), within an inorganic meta-society. It's an Anglo thing.
...in the name of the authority of the Fourth Estate, media whining about the current climate of disrespect is comically unwarranted.
...And, given that "freedom of the press" has widely been abused as a license to suppress freedom of conscience ...
...Freedom of conscience and opinion, as manifested within the leading communication technologies of the time, is clearly more basic. ...
Freedom of the press is an important expression of the First Amendment, but it isn't THE expression of the First Amendment. ...
"   
"Social media users just have to accept arbitrary silencings."
"That's where you're wrong, kiddo.""
..."'to prevent the usual suspects (Leftists and other neurotics) from attacking'." -- Crazy, right? As if they'd do that.
..."Stevens [says] the 'neoreaction conference' was hosted behind a 'veil of secrecy' ..." ...
 Yes, it is.
  ...but calling an adamant supporter of Israel and Black Nationalism a "Neo-Nazi" is patently absurd.
 I'm not (at all) sure  is NRx oriented, insofar as that translates to "Neocameralist" (as it should)  ...
...I have plenty of ideological disagreements with  but that website is clearly (and impressively) devoid of racial animosity.
...Media seeking to cling to a thread of credibility should set themselves a "Does this sound like senseless hysterical shrieking?" test.
"...the far-right neo-Nazi website, Amerika." That's in The Independent. People seriously need to get a grip.
 ..."They're sayin' Wether 'the Twatter' Kantbot got the wire-wool scrub -- tell me it ain't so."
 “quite confusing, but clearly horrible stuff”
"  
"We've been through the whole timelline boss, no anime."
"What! I got waterboarded for 24 hours for this!""
...it could at least pass on a transcript of the horrified retching noises.
If Progster is going to swallow you into oblivion, find you indigestible, and then regurgitate you ...
 If  counts as a famous person, this could radically accelerate the journey to the corporate grave-yard.
 I'd wondered what that "NY Coven Mysteriously Devoured by Invisible Frog-Monster in Central Park" headline was about.
 SV gossip: "Woah, did you see Jack today, all those electric-burn scars and body twitches -- what the hell happened to him?"
 I'm definitely going to keep the place at least minimally furnished as a back-up bunker. Twitter trust levels aren't coming back.
Many thanks to everyone who put out a "WTF?" here on my behalf.
 They never told me anything.
Weird. I'm back. No explanation from Twitter about what this was about. Looks like the  plea really came through.
 CPAC was doing such a bang-up job that a bunch of left-wing fascists have shunted things massively to the right.
It would be incredibly upsetting if they both destroyed each other: 
 His stuff is always superb.
  "Neoliberal" is used so variedly (and sloppily) it's hard to get your precise point here. You mean Austrian?
  Yes, crucially: Catallaxy is a distributed information-processing system.
  Capital always seems to be heading somewhere more interesting than the monkeys want, to me.
   ...The Marxist Left would have predicted it in detail, if they hadn't gone to sleep.
   NRx is the absorption of politics into capital dynamics (through NeoCam-Patchwork). ...
  Higher faculties than impending machinic super-intelligence? There are none (that we could have access to).
  We will anyway. It's an anthropologically-irresolvable coordination problem. (Thank Gnon!)
 AI is industrialized intelligence (which is exactly what capital is).
 All the Austrians put production first. Say's Law is the foundation stone of economic realism.
 ..."Capital interprets human moral intuitions as damage, and routes around them."
 Human minds come pre-packed with obstructive paleolithic moral intuitions. And as the best "Critique of capital" goes: ...
 Building blocks WERE human minds. That's changing fast. ...
    "Does it work?"
    It's not remotely my point of contention. Cybernetic consistency is the sole question.
 We have no non-comic criteria of judgment on the topic.
 How is that a limitation?
   Yes, indeed.
 Capital liked WASP Americanism, because it allowed it to assemble itself.
    ..."Blame" is political rhetoric. It has no role in a rigorous analysis.
   ...All realistic techno-administrative capabilities are sub-components of capital escalation.
   ...Either capital sorts it out, or it doesn't get sorted out. ...
   The notion that there could be a judge of that, transcending capital, is the problem. ...
By treating "Capitalism" and "Artificial Intelligence" as if they were two different topics, people make both far too easy for themselves.
   It existed implicitly as soon as roundabout production (technology) did, but poorly formalized.
  ...into a systematically higher order of performance.
  No real problem with that, so long as it's compatible with the notion of "this behavior" being subsumed ...
   It's easy to verbally distance oneself from capital. Quite another to cease complying with it.
  Capitalism ensures that only capital-competent societies can do conquest, so the distinction is dissolved.
   Which assumes that "prosperity" isn't a strategic agent, that will out-play you.
  ...No, it's Darwinian dynamics applied to command over resources.
   ...As soon as a communist says "lets be realistic" (with sincerity) he becomes a fascist.
   ...It's not as far gone as the communist "We can extirpate Capital from the earth!" though.
   ..."We can totally make Capital our bitch" captures the essence of the delusion. ...
   They know instinctively what it is. Low-grade primate power politics tends to it as equilibrium.
 Kek.
 ...It would be hard to describe the Alt-Right as a notably pro-capitalist political tendency.
 I don't know. It's not particularly averse to redistributist statism, as long as it's ethnically qualified. ...
 "Left-wing fascists" is laying it on a bit thick. They're not particularly left-wing fascists.
  Yes, Reason has suddenly become worth reading again. It's weird.


...The source is also notably scrappy: 
Michael Malice on Steve Bannon: Short and intense.)
 Well, a coherent Left Accelerationism is (ironically) probably not far removed from crypto-fascism.
 ...Still having trouble seeing this thesis as anything other than 180 degrees off-beam, though.
 Okay, I'll immediately concede that's the most interesting gloss on Sorel I've ever come across.
 So what do you make of "The Myth of the General Strike"? You're not seriously suggesting that's a neoreactionary idea?
 No, Sorelian Marxism is proto-fascist mass politics. It's far closer to the Alt-Right than to NRx.
  The Basilisk asks for more.
  "Britain is tugged towards Europe as well as its old dominions." -- By Economist-style fans of Continental Despotism.
  Now, after all the Brexit hysteria, they tell us.
...By the time a small, liberal art institution in London is called "Neo-Nazi" striking twelve zeroes off your currency units is overdue.
...Jackbootish ideological slur-words have been rolled-out so incontinently that we're deep into the wheelbarrows-full-of-banknotes stage.
...It works like fiat currency. Run the printing-presses hot, and you extinguish value through inflation. ...
"...the strategic application of Nazi-shaming works." Strategic" is the key word here. ...
 ..."We're the nightmare the cosmos has been warning you about."
 Make your planetary intelligenesis process the Fermi Paradox you'd like to see in the universe.
 "My identity good, your identity bad. I know you've never heard that before ..."
 That's already not "nothing". It formalizes 'crime-think' as a concrete socio-cultural reality, just to begin with.
 Has to be a massive irony-promoter, accelerating time-line to the sarcasm singularity.
...I'll be surprised if the final outcome is anything like the one Twitter expects it to be. (But then, what will 'Twitter' have become?)
...As it becomes increasingly algorithmic, it's going to become a robot-controlled cultural-manufacturing program. ...
...Training procedures tend to autonomization, producing unanticipated outcomes. They incentivize route-arounds, for a start. ...
...Highly partisan in application, poorly formalized, plus, plus, of course, but still ...
...It looks like an evolution from heavy-handed censorship into a social training algorithm. Deep learning for ructious monkeys. ...
Morbidly interested in the (new?) Twitter time-limited spankings for specific misdemeanors rules. ...

    Gateway drug for socialism, sadly. Granting Scandis positive political rights was a fiasco.
    Does that even require a rebranding?
...finds its sole constituency among white heterosexual men.
...that the repudiation of a politics based entirely on the strategic intersectional marginalization of "white heterosexual men" ...
Number one reason for the Left's disorientation is their assumption ...
   "Whites" need chopping-up by the Hajnal line for the term to be ethnically meaningful.
Don't imagine for one minute that #Meatloafgate is over and done yet. HT 
 Use the word "explainer" and half the audience nods solemnly, the other half laughs uproariously.
 Shorter version: "A whole bunch of stuff that isn't communism seems to have been doing disturbingly well recently."
  ...No one gets their instinctive ideal society, they get procedures that are game-theoretically tolerable.
  ...That's why liberalism, in its basic sense as an over-ride of first-order preferences, is indispensable. ..
  ...Paleolithic intuitions of "fairness" are radically incompatible with capitalistic processes. ...
  If innate human preferences are going to be counted as authoritative, then communism wins for sure. ...
...religious mania. And here we are: 
...to its socio-cultural privileges would result in an eruption with the intensity of a psychotic episode, or -- more precisely -- ...
The NRx analysis, from the start, was that implicit communism had become so deeply installed in the West that any real challenge ...
 Points deducted for Hibernian marginality.

 Staying would be lame. But maximum disintegration at the earliest practical point is certainly desirable.
"California is large enough to function as one or several different nations" One, and later several, would be fine.
 Some of them, at least, probably still sincerely believe it.
...When that formula is finally pressurized to defend itself, the crack in the dam will have become terminal.
The preposterous equation of democracy with freedom still organizes high-level Cathedral apologetics: 
 It could have been edited down to one paragraph without losing much.
...Goon-tier froggists aren't getting anywhere near power.
"This is the victorious far right purging the brownshirts." There's a thin vein of reality in this line of analysis.
 You can snark, but after their formidable performance against the Houthis ...oh wait.
 Last sentence makes it worth a skim.
...Spanish Inquisition Choir in the comments thread is predictable entertaining.
Tyler Cowen has been performing enough public purification rituals to earn himself this: 
  Pneumonia. It's in the "hack later" pile.

 Their tolerance for progressive collateral damage has no meaningful limits.
 If I ended up with your old one, to use as a propaganda tool, thanks.
  Maybe. 'General factor' tends (by definition) to tie things together.
 Introduced as a subtle rejoinder to Twitter's obligate 'hearting' innovation (in case it seems merely gratuitously gross).
 Be good so see some equivalent high-quality data on the topic.
 ...So, a long way short of a plurality, but (hugely) "disproportionate" Ashkenazi cognitive slack isn't sensibly disputable.
 "...they made up about 3% of the US population but won 27% of the US Nobel science prizes ..." 
   The "just" there is silly: 

 ...Normie genetics, non-autistic socialization, and child-rearing munches through mental slack like freaking Pacman.
 Free cognitive potential in general is "disproportionately gay and jewish" -- like it or hate it, that's simply a fact.
 ...It has better Mal-AI game.
 My money's on the hyena.
""Moldbug is totally Alt-Right."
"Give me a break."
"Why would we do that? You're ripping our fucking throat out."
"Fair enough.""
 Communism is the plan to reduce global entropy, which tells us everything we need to know about its prospects.
..."He's going to say 'nothing' isn't he? OMG he's going to say 'nothing'. This is beyond belief ..." No he isn't, and doesn't, you morons.
It's truly amazing how the camp of outrage has fixated upon MM's 'particularly inflammatory question' “What's so bad about the Nazis?” ...
...That's the only sense in which Moldbug is plausibly "aligned with the alt-right" He rejects Left Hegemony too.
...rather than anything with intrinsic specificity. It's meaning is the sudden, drastic loss of their effective moral authority. ...
Decoder tip: When the Left use the term "Alt-Right" it's a tribal abbreviation for "the incomprehensible nightmare that's happened to us" ..
  If the Left succeeds in bolting together that "free speech = fascism" formula it seems so attached to, then maybe.
 ..."Intelligence, in other words, is political." -- At least, it's what politics has been directed to stop.
 Dimness is a zealous political cause for these people. Thank Gnon, Chinese competition has rendered it non-viable.
 Seen that a while back. It's superb.
So Milo's social conservatism turned out to be a little flakier than everyone had expected.
  Associated with a 10 pt IQ gain (!) according to Thompson in the comments.
Greenspan: Yeah, actually Ron Paul was right. 
"RealClear Reality Divergence intensifies:
"
 I'm not criticizing the basic argument of the article in the slightest -- only its predictable swerve into partisan smugness.
 Perish the thought that the establishment would ever take the opportunity to critically examine their own dogmas.
People aren't very rational, especially people journalists don't like: 
 Why would we think it's reached the epilogue stage?

All political problems are badly-sorted social aggregates.
  ...Same goes for every other variant of ideological possibility, including many yet to be clearly formulated.
  ...Communists anywhere who aren't busy doing communism (in their own patch) are a wasted educational opportunity. ...
  For pretty much any "Do we do A or B?" socio-political question, there's plenty of geography to do both.
 Easier, because it's not primarily racial separation that is at stake, but regime diversity (inc. differential ethnonationalism).
 Absolute epistemological fission has now occurred: 
Dysgenic darkness: 
  No, he (still) thinks it's highly exaggerated.
   Best way to defeat eugenics is to extirpate that entire dodgy germ-line.
 Garbage-disposal is always under-rated. 
   Don't miss the opportunity to push him through a Malthusian bottle-neck.

 Except the more they win, the faster things fall apart. The Left think they can win a war against Gnon. Dark comedy.
"Right-Accelerationism" -- the new "Neoliberalism"? 
...The Rubicon has been crossed. There's no rescinding the death sentence. The only question now concerns a competent executioner.
Does anyone seriously think that if Trump fails to burn down the American political establishment the search will cease for someone who can?
"It's like Professor Challenger stumbling on a Lost World filled with menacing and unknown species. ..." 
"Fast forward to 2017 ...and the case against democracy is being made right in front of our eyes." 
 Trends are on their side. Just a few more generations and everyone will be too dim to understand what IQ even means.
"Idiocracy, but with killer robots, is pretty much baked into the cake at this point.
"But we get a UBI, though?" Kek."
"...The Left: "WE NEED TO SHOUT LOUDER."
Sure, that will stop it."
Cochran: "...the current dysgenic trend (~ 1 point drop per generation, not counting immigration) ..." 
  If we told you, we'd have to kill you.
" ...
"Bow before the rage of the oppressed!"
"No, that's over."
"So it's war."
"Yup.""
 They probably realize things have entered the zero-sum death-match stage. It's going to be ugly as hell, of course.
 They're still going to hurt a lot of people as they fall down the staircase.
 The Friedman dynasty keeps heading deeper into freedom territory after Milton.
  Pan out from Lukacs to the Lukacs promotion operation, and it becomes more plausible.
 The fact that the Progressive Media smugly consider themselves the sole living embodiment of the 1A says everything.
White Cathedral-zombies spitting bile from behind the burkhas of black people is 90% of the phenomenon.
..."When they're smart and polite" would have done fine, but then the snarling Jacobinism behind the remark would have been too obvious.
..."He likes Asians because they are deemed to be smart and polite ..." -- the 'deemed' there is golden. ...
...just not the grievance-mongers, rioters, street-criminals, and Jihadists that the Cathedral preaches incessantly in favor of.
"Actually, I like plenty of "immigrants and black people" 
"
 "Western Marxism" was a CIA operation. They weren't against communism, only against Russians.
 A repulsive little half-assed asthmatic blot of anti-accelerationist pneumatic signaling.
  Only thing necessary is to reach Zero-Degree Rousseau, and we can all go home.
 "Everyone without exception in my bubble assures me that none of it at all was our fault."
  "Give me your poor, your tired, your huddled Zeitgeist yearning to breathe free ..."
  Progressive huddled-masses-politics took over the cities, but we're supposed to think nothing worthy of comment happened.
  "Things were pretty great -- there was a deeply-installed communist regime in place."
 Rousseau, Rousseau, everywhere ...
  "There's no mention of 'Origin of Species' in the work of my buddy Chuck ..."
  ...Junior probably has roughly comparable instincts when it comes to keeping out of trouble.
  If you were the source of a "watching where you're going" gene I seriously doubt you'd be showing up in my Twitter TL.

 Yes, "Cyber 30 Years War" is exactly what's rolling in. Schism is the key to everything.
   Less manorialism-tweaked outbreeder genes, less Scottish Enlightenment, more Rousseauistic evil.
 The notion that late-19th century (white) immigration didn't move the US massively leftwards is absurdly unobservant.
  Partly it's that they're tasked with telling stories vastly beyond their capabilities, with comic results.
..."...That may sound grandiose, but to my mind, the comparison actually underplays the depth and the rapidity of the transformation."
"Historians liken the rise of social media to the invention of the printing press. ..." 

 Saying "I was just moralizing" doesn't excuse totalitarian leftism.
"We’re a well-oiled machine. We got one of the smoothest running machines in the history of machines." 
  Oh sure, AI Communism is totally going to work next time. 
"Trump understands at a gut level how much Americans hate the media." 
 It will toughen everyone up.
 "You know who else never voted for the Affordable Care Act? -- Josef Mengele."
...Reason does a pretty good work-over of Jones' howl from the id: 
Kek: 
  Nothing an author hates more than people buying stacks of their books and burning them.
..."Trump wins by convulsing time-topology to induce intensifying retrochronic waves -- resist by mumbling and falling over more."
Resist Trumpian Accelerationism! HT 
 The final paragraph is a true masterpiece of anticlimax.
 Extremely interesting.
What if the Trump administration has to gut the state like a fish, merely to survive?
"...the coalition consisting of establishment Republicans, Democrats, media and intelligence bureaucrats." 
""Only a CIA-backed putsch can save democracy."
2017 is a riot (on the way to a civil war)."
  Now we have the Internet. 
  The game is only just getting started.